Dapat banyak info kat sini , tapi terlalu kuat menggunakan data
Clicking on a post in FB..links don't go to story. Stays on a blank page. Have to click button to open in Google? :(
Super
Great app.
It's okay so far. ..
Can't access my own page, an update can't come quick enough
Great to connect with friends
Every update gets worse and worse.. being on the app development team has to be the easiest job ever, u do nothing but mess thing up
Update
All you do is invade our lives and sell our data. Facebook you sold us out!
Awsome
As far as apps go, this one is just as good as any other. It really depends on the quality of your phone honestly.
Boy friend
Slow as hell. And half the time pages take 15min to load or don't even load at all.
Lacks the important features and is very slow and laggy on captivate. Update: works smooth on S5 but why no messenger in a single app that's dumb.
nice apps
Fb is really fun because when you don't have something to do you can just open fb
Not bed good loply application
Ap keeps crashing then the ap crashes the phone. Super slow. I've deleted and reinstalled 2x.  Not worth the hassle.
Facebook sucks anymore..
Mau apa lagi, setiap gadged kayak kudu install.
Has a gray screen
like!
It'd be nice if you guys tested apps before releasing it to the millions of users.
Every time I upload a profile picture it needs to be cropped and frankly I don't want to. This isn't Instagram so please make it stop!
It is awful!  Will not stay open on my Galaxy Note
Loved it
utter crap
Everything
I love it its super kool
Its really nice & the new update of this fb was really  awesome but we need more updates
Removed  from tablet. It's useless! !!
I use it every day and i been adicte. Its nice app
Xperia u
Ever since I updated the app closes whenever I click on comments button.  WTF??!!!? I see lots of others here having similar issues....why is it not being addressed?
App crashes almost everytime you open it!
Aok
Fan-tastico.
BEST APP.
Some pictures wont appear .
Gud sftwr
Keeps crashing
Jokeeeesss
Mobile site still works better.  You have to open up a status to see if anyone commented on it or liked it, since it doesn't show on the feed....super annoying.  Make most recent the default feed!
Very nce app
Haven't gotten ONE picture to load or show up in over two days........ WHY
Worst update ever! !!!!!!!!!!
Thank for making it slow, self-shutting and awful. Why would I want to open a link inside FB itself?? Now need more gestures and just hangs. Very poor.
Don't receive push notifications anymore with this update!
Pictures are not loading up. For some reason, my friend's profile pics won't show up. Not only pics but videos as well. Pls fix FB!!! LG Spectrum 2
Last update took Facebook into the dark ages! Also, bring back most recent posts! I'm tired of seeing posts that are three days old. Have posted about this before but I guess they don't care about what consumers want, only their money!
After update the application closes when you try to access notifications tab.
This app sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I loved this app. But after updating it it wont open. Please fix,
Another terrible update!!!! Newsfeed load error everytime! Have to find post on poster's page to turn off notifications on individual posts! Just keeps gettin worse!!
I can't see any pictures
but it's pretty
Facebook was fine until this latest update. Now it's slow and keeps freezing or crashing, put it back to what it was!!!!!!!!!
Keep the good work going
Really not a fan of new feature that opens URLs in Facebook app rather than google chrome. Can I change that?
Update sucks,junk,i want MySpace back
This app is horrible. Now when I open FB it closes itself within seconds.... Really???
GREAT
Keep crashing smh
i dont like facebook but i give 4 star
Profiles pictures are not showing if u dont fix it ill  will keep it like this
it's fine & nice
Facebook keeps shutting down. I deleted it and reinstalled it, and is still crashing. It needs to be fixed.
Crashes every time its open....
Mu favourites app
Speed has improved
This app keeps shutting my phone off what is going on with your app fix  or you will lose a lot of people
Facebook has been running ok. Until this recent update. Can barely load friends, photos take forever to load now. And when searching for friends the app is constantly crashing. Facebook you all are ate up. Your bloating your app with nonsense. And continue to do so. Definitely about to call it quits since it's becoming more and more difficult to keep in touch with family and friends.
App locks up my Samsung smart phone!!
Piece of doo doo. Why won't it load pictures half the time
Even work
For some reason I get through about 20 posts in my news feed and bam it starts over again to the top no warning ? Facebook in my opinion you've been going down hill since messenger !
Messenger inbox won't load here or messenger app
After the most recent update, the FB app stopped working altogether.
Crashes upon loading.
New update won't work right. App hardly opens, takes forever to load, and when it does load news feed won't load pics or videos. Help!
and will continue to only get worse
I'm experiencing issue that images wont load on the newsfeed when i'm connected to hispeed hotspot. I'm using LG G2. It's really annoying. I updated the fb app and reinstalled it. Nothing helps. Please fix..
Wont load completely and shuts down, fix this asap please
Facebook
It seems like its having troubling loading things now.
Can't click on profile name on some posts
Good
Tight
You'd think that after getting so many one star/low ratings you would try to IMPROVE the app with every update but instead the app gets worse and worse with every update.! Facebook has officially been declared a piece of GARBAGE.!! 
Still pisses me off that I need a separate application just for chat, and now links are made to open within the Facebook app which is supposed to be faster. In my experience so far, this is miles from the truth. Links open ten times faster in Chrome. Please remove this irritating waste of time.
App keeps shutting down without me closing it. It's also really slow.
Pictures won't load up now after the latest update, even when using Wi-Fi on my LG G3!
Crap this new update I cant upload a photo now wtf...it dont deserve even 1 single star...fix it
I cannot save pics!!!!!!
last update is just wrong. we used to open link in browser not the app. bad update
Shows statues but not profile pictures, pictures, chat messages or anyone's profile! Look terrible! Uninstalling both messenger and the app itself! Goodbye Facebook!!!
Let's you have chats with friend
Cant even download the app!! Keep getting error msg 498 whatever that is.  just ridiculous
att aa
The worst app by far. Since the update my news feed doesn't even work.

we can't reply to comments. -___-
Jr
Hate it. Closes itself after a few seconds. Fix it please
Everyone's profile pic is blank
Notifications and feed won't load.
Prends beaucoup d'espace
Won't start after last update
it's so nice
Pics wont load when you click on them
Open & ready
Love it
Nic AAA a aka
FINALLY THE LINKS OPEN IN THE APP!!! DONT BREAK THIS TOO FACEBOOK!!!
Facebook app sucks it won't load up then when it does facebook not responding comes up and goes back to the main screen! Deleted
its just fun :'-)
Not letting me download this app
I can't  click on other Facebook  users. When my friend post things, i cant click on their names and go to their timelines. I try to but nothing  happens. Very  frustrated on my new Samsung  phone.
Love it I social with people
Cannot see anything. Just showing processing . That's it.pls fix it.
This new update has been given me problems.   It freezes up..
Keeps crashing every 5 bloody minutes. Waste of time.
Its okay
Please fix the app immediately!!! I can't use it on my galaxy tab 3, it crushes every minute, I start hating the app!!!!!!!
Keeps forceing itself closed! Had facebook for years and have never had any issues till now. Makes me want to uninstall!
And the stupid get stupider. Still gotta choose RECENT for Feed and when I'm in there I gotta hit the back button multiple times to get to Messenger,  Post, etc. Way to stay sucky FB.
trouble loging out and loging in....
Most recent feed FFS!!!! You don't read a book in a random page order as chosen by someone else so why do you make it so bloody difficult to read facebook in a chronological order??? Make recent events the priority news feed or an in app setting.
This app has never had problems on my Samsung Tab 3 and now i am. App crashes 5 seconds after i open it and it takes long to load too. Fix this please!!!!
Very excellent speed down load app and perfect app for all over world
Amazing app!  You can communicate with all of your friends!  I love it!
Sucks! Still crashes on my galaxy tab! Fix this!

Rhonda Lee and the rest of the World of course.
Nice
This app lags way too much and forces close way too much.
All
I can't upload pictures since the latest update.. it always exit.. pls2x fix it
Because I can keep in touch with my friends and family. keep it up facebook
Love it
Clicking on a tagged person's name doesn't do anything, the link doesn't work. Note 4
Junk and more junk
MeorRider ....Very2 good...fuhhh........
Why did you remove the navigation from the 'most recent' feed? Every update makes the app worse. Wtf are you people smoking over there? Stop it!
The best!!!
Isn't closing when exiting the app using the back button. Look at active apps and it's still there, running in the background.
App opens only to close itself after two seconds. Can't use it all on galaxy tab 3
Hello
I can't click on name
Good
Nice
I hate it
Latest up date is crap keeps freezing and won't load pages you should be able to get it right by now
It just keeps crashing on me after 5 seconds what are you guys doin to the apps
Its go off every max 5 seconds , help me please.
;)
You are improving
It keeps crashing. Worked fine before update. Now I can't even get on.
I want Facebook, not the app you force in my face
It work good for me

Dont force your users to use another app that worked perfectly fine in the main app.
Never ever play videos until I deleted it and install it again

Job
Love the way it is set up. Thumbs-up & like.
Keep crashing every five seconds.
I KNOW ITS AWAY WE CAN BLOCK THESE DAM GAME REQUESTS.  THESE IS VERY VERY IRRITATING.... IF NOT COULD U PLZ STOP IT!!!!
I loved it
Cool
Ur lucky I gave it 1 star....this sucks, can't post anything with out it kicking me off......SUCKS!!!!!!!!
The app resembles the web site in terms of lack of control on what you do and don't see
Won't stay on page keeps kicking me off. Very irritated .
Facebook
Good app
Costa
i like it.
So, me and my friend always chat but after the last update the chat box has been telling me that my friend is 1d offline even if she's online. :\
Updated this app and after few seconds it goes off and won't work 
You can't even chat unless you download a fasbook messenger.
Samsung galaxy s4
Locked up my phone. I had to pull the battery to restart my phone.
It's good, but why is there even a "Top Stories" category for the news feed? Why not just have most recent?
Ever since the last update, the app does not close when I press the back button.
I'm seriously fed up wit fb
Won't let me see notifications when I tap the prompt, instead it takes me to the last status I had commented on, even tho the comment or status had nothing to do with the notification... Facebook app as been totally rubbish for the last 3 updates minimum...
The app will not open on my samsung galaxy 4..
App shuts down without notice on galaxy 10 tablet running Android 4.4.2
Why Facebook needs access to so much dats of my tablet/phone
Won't let me open my notifications!
Forecloses on 1+1 each time the app is opened.
Meah
Like to text
Awesome
App a pile of k@ck now. Images wont load, new posts wont load. I have to force close or just go to browser version to see anything. Reported days ago via email and no acknowledgment let alone fix. Dismal, Facebook techies, dismal.
Can't watch videos
STILL can't do anything at all with synced photos through the app. Come on Facebook. Get a move on. Hint hint. Missing other important functions as well.
It's too large
No way...   There is no easy you need those permissions.   Fix it or be un-installed.  Update:  gets worse with each release, can't upload photos now.
I love it

World
Love the update!
This app u cannot delete history andoves slow and takes up more place on phone
Lhamo123
Always hanging & crashing and suddenly stop after a few second after log in..
New update sucks nothing loads!! What the heck Facebook?
Was working fine before the update now won't even load and when it does it kicks me out after about 5 seconds
This  application  it does work fine I love it cause it is used for social  and we can talk to our friends  and  family  that's the cool thing  about  this  app of facebook
The last update in 28th of october is bad and makes many errors in comments and other functions
And once again this app just sucks. Now since the lastest update videos won't even load...
After latest update app keeps running after exit. Have to force close so it doesn't drain the battery.
KIND AND CLEVER.
Cool
Simply does not work: crashes, crashes and crashes!
App will not stay open on my samsung galaxy tab 3 since the latest update.
top
It's aight.
The new update wont even let me turn on and off post notifications. The arrowhead facing downward is gone.
Another BAD UPDATE!   LET'S GET IT FIXED!
I can't uninstall or turn off Facebook. If I do, there is a service running (that is greyed out to turn off) that automatically updates and turns the app back on. Extremely annoying. Way to go Samsung + FB.
Picture add to a post fails consistently.
Page
I like it its one of my favorite apps/website
Won t work with new update
Really! Every time I click on a picture to view it, it immediately closes back to my news feed. Fix this or go back to the older version!
A lot better now there's no freezing and shutting down but having to close it via apps running as it uses up data!! Sneaky! Samsung S4
Needs too many unnecessary permissions.
Esy
I love it
5 star
App loads for a few seconds then crashes everytime. Have uninstalled and reinstalled but always crashes. It unusable. Fix it now!
Hello
Lhamo
Please   help me I load Facebook but after loading eror no instal
Idk why but i downloaded and two hrs later phone was dead. Said fb been running
The latest version has screwed up so much stuff... Can't click into links, it won't open up, takes forever, opening web pages is crap... I could go on
Loads for 5 mins then goes blank
Good app
Best app ever no probs for me
Any time says updated again
Super slow,  the on/off of the notifiCation was gun..  Its horribly  slow..
It doesn't download
Ok
Stop making use a crappy app for messages. Thanks... oh wait you suck.
App crashes all the time it gets very frustrating and the finally it comes up and says Facebook not responding. I would think you could make this more enjoyable!
Forced messenger app still. Can't disable free call. Most recent can't be set as default and it only shows page posts. Can't use a notification to go back to a post and edit privacy or turn notifications off. Terrible.
last update is nice than now... coz it they always say that force close...
All the time it keep going to the lasted post and don't let me review the older posts. This is disrespectful.
I love it
Download way too slowly
But the messager is aggravating
Facebook
Shuts down all the time.
The app is completely wonky! I haven't been able to see anything from my phone for two days. I don't even use this app for fun, it's all business related because I can't be on the laptop and iPad all day long...way to make it harder on me to stay on top of the business *eye roll*
Buenisimo
VEry poor
No I do not want links to load in Facebook. You know why? Because it is slower than my browser. This is ridiculous.
It runs perfectly fine for me. Fast.
Easy to use wen im chating and uploading photos
Yet another update to worsen the app. Opening URLs inside the app instead of sending to the browser? Seriously?
Want my old fb back.
Too slow and makes facebooking boring to me!!!
Thx for new i update. :-))
The app crashed and I reinstalled it but now it is not opening
Brilliant
bit glitchy
Lost my account twice for nothing....
It's eating up a lot of space for stock android users. Please have next update allow transfer of app to SD card.
Usually  love Facebook  but it's constantly crashing now. Rubbish.
Works fine on my android if it doesn't work on your phone the only explanation is you bought a product from Apple like the iPhone
Does not load. Won't update news feed, friends pages, or anything for that matter.
Ever since I've updated the app i dont get notified when I receive a message or when I receive comments and as I run a business facebook page this is highly affecting my ability to reply to people quickly!!!!!!! Fix it facebook.
Thrice still unsuccesful
Latest update is rubbish not loading stuff only seeing half of the things not good
Totally awesome and I don't have any problems with it.
65601069
New Update Sucks.
Meh u get bored but its cool
It used to just freeze and then an update fixed that, but now it barely even let's me scroll down  is the app. I have to log onto the browser to be able to see anything. Fix. It.
I don't know but I'm  not complete if I don't go on FB for one day
Keeps crashing and logging off. Absolute rubbish-sort it out!!!
It now takes forever to load anything! I want most recent to be the default. Also stop breaking everything I like or subscribe too into different feeds.
It open for 5 second and close. Really!!!!
Chronic pain group.
I don't need you to force feed me videos... also, I can download other people's pics but not my own? WTF?
Ok!
such a lovely way to share your memories with close friends
It won't play the sound to notify me. So I don't know when my friends post or comment on my wall. Please fix the sound!
Hate the bloating of the app that it's expanded to have browser even.
Ok what the heck did you do to the last update? Most of the pictures won't load!
Don't know if I'm the only one who notices this but even it you have the feature to use a Facebook browser when opening Web Links on facebook, it still uses their browser and not the normal preset one. I find this unprofessional because they give you an option to avoid using one of their products and they still force it one you.
keeps crashing everytime i try ?to upload a picture in the comments.. ughh!! i already updated it, uninstalled and installed it three times and it continues doing the same.. Fix it!
so frustrating it keeps stopping and then it won't load.
They've updated the Facebook app! And now it's back and worse than ever. If you thought keeping up with new feeds was difficult before, it's even worse now! Can't have the luxury of recent news and seeing your notifications too. There's also a sweet new feature to open links in the app, which users can disable!
Love it!
The new update sucks very slow.
I like it but you need messenger to message people, that's way too much space
Not the best at downloading that well it's freezing :-( 
Had to install it wouldnt load and when it did I would close out after a min or so im hopping now that reinstalled it...it wont happen again if it does I will close my Facebook for good
Love Fb
Awsome app
Thanks
Suks
Way to many permissions!!! App has to be opened twice before it will load new posts! (still happening over the last few updates - still happens) Videos don't always play fully. Most recent cannot be set as default. Only reason I use the app as it doesn't used as much data as the browser version!
If I go into a profile etc , its freezes and throws me out of facebook
Can't update to new stories. Need to force close before it will refresh or load anything. absolute shite! Do not download! Once again Facebook has no idea what people want
I Love Facebook
Will not sync on Galaxy Tablet.  Can not find phone number to discuss with Facebook
After last updated i can't share our post directly to fb pages i manage, the option "post to pages you manage" is gone. Please fix it. If this app still can please kindly advise how.
Love being able to see all my friends on a daily basis and catch up with those I rarely get to visit with in person
Since the update, fb keeps crashing seconds after opening the app!! Not happy.
I'm not sure what it is
It is sooo slow
keep me in contact with friends and family
Its not good....i can't downlod photos and i cant open it. :(
Since updating this app simply does not start. Useless.
Crash hell. Absolutely useless. The current version is crap. Whowever supplies this should bury their head in shame. Downloaded the recent version today, 29 Oct 2014, it is still crash hell. The basic theory now is who cares. You have been sucked in so fb does not have to do anything for you any more. They have your data so you can rot in hell without access via their useless app.

Constantly crashing since new update! Not good!!
not getting sms texts
Very good for Samsung tab
Seems to be working better. Hasn't foreclosed like before. Thanks
Sexy
What the f...
The "permissions" on this app are bloody ridiculous!! Plus it doesnt shut down properly!! Facebook you are a bunch of spying, pesty, nosey and you dont shut down the appropriate pages when they are complained about. Also into peadophilia and glorifying the "wars"
hb
Why do we need so many updates. Just takes up space on the phone
Reducing my rating by a star. Biggest issue is that occasionally while catching up on my feed, it will refresh, returning me to the top, losing my place, and killing any desire to continue browsing.
Will not show photos will not load photos this update is diabolical. Doesn't show the top of the posts and nothing is in chronological order. I'm getting posts from days ago before posts made earlier. It's slow to load and frustrating to use.
I like it
What have you done now...why can't you leave well enough alone?
I love it this app
This is a very good app I dead drop to love with this app sorry if u can't understand me but I love FB its true my brothers and sister let the odds be you fair GoodBye
You guys screwed up when messenger required a separate app! 1 star is more than generous! 10/19/14-this app still sucks donkey dick! I think the developer(s) should get instructions in crayon to get this app running decent atleast! If there was a zero rating, that's what I'd give you guys! 10/31/14 and now pictures don't load, they just continuesly buffer! Developers need to be replaced with people who knows what they're doing....especially responding to people's questions!
It's a good app
Since the update keep getting "cant load newsfeed" when connected to Wi-Fi!
Very nice.
Only god can

Responsive. Doesn't hang or crash. Good so far
LG-E400 (L3)
It's not working on my s4 i cant see any messages, notifications,friend request
Why did you have to mess up a perfectly good app with your last update.... When you click on a person's name on a post it doesn't go to their page like it used to.... Y'all need new developers
I'm pist I even updated because now I can't use the app,it's crashing every 10sec..The mobile version of Fb absolutely sux,pics don't upload and it's very limiting..I just want my app to work..Smh..Why Fb,why? :D
Please fix everytime i open it i get about 4 or 5 stories down and it crashes and shuts down the  i have to restart it again and it keeps doing it please fix it.  My friends are from another state and this is how we keep intouch.  I need my facebook and my samsung still keeps crashing when can someone fix it.
Facebook
R
Love it love it love it can't go anywhere without it
Great one for everybody all around the globe
Cant logout......?!?!?!?!?
Terrible at the way of this!  Yeah!
Have a samsung galaxy tab 3 and the app wont stay open for about 2 seconds
Since the new update can no longer turn off notifications for posts you are tagged in or commented on plus tons of errors. What gives?
It sticks once you have messenger cuz once u are on the app and someone messages you they try to open messenger which leads to sticking
Was far better before this version, after about 5 seconds of scrolling down my fees it freezes then closes! So annoying, wasn't like this on the previous version, please sort it out!
Nice great
Very good
Great way to keep in  touch worldwide.
Its great but it keeps closing for no reason in the middle of use. Its quite annoying. Fix please??
its best app.
After the the new update (30/10/2014) the app keeps force closing itself after about 5 seconds of scrolling down my news feed! Get this sorted Facebook.
I love it
Ok report
Seriously...when is Facebook going to get it through their thick skulls that its users want to see RECENT POSTS by default and not top stories!!!! And put the notification bar back on recent posts!!! Taking that bar away was one of the dumbest things FB has done to this app. Also, it's slow as hell.
Very Poor App
Can't play video on fb after update, it stops in a few seconds... Please fix it, and please add to reply comments
Face book , which I used to love is now the bane of my life. As soon as i open it, it closes on me, lucky to get to get a glimpse of the first picture. It is my one way of keeping in touch with family. Please, please get it fixed. The new upgrade did nothing.      But I have found that if I go thru the net it works okay. Just not as an ap
Keeps going off after 5 seconds, uninstalled & reinstalled it but it's still doing it!!!
Last two updates have made this app incredibly slow!! It constantly trying to load & getting error messages... I did not have a problem until I installed the two most recent updates. PLEASE FIX
Love it !!!!
The problem with facebook is the news feed slows down to often & when it's fixed, 6 to 12 hours later the problem begins again. Facebook isn't worth using on the weekends, the news feed is hardly ever kept up dated so users get the 'very' most recent posts/stories from fb friends & liked pages.
FASBOOK

Amazing
Using on Galaxy 3 tab and I may as well not bother with Facebook on here because it just shuts itself down. Having read the reviews below I can see it happens to a lot of people and nothing is being done about it. Just thought I would add my complaint to the long list.
Bhutan
doesnt deserve any stars!!!! sucks it keeps freezing.... so freaking slowww

Rana
So Facebook, you can build a whole browser into your app, but you can't build a messenger in there too?
This app sucks. It doesn't work
My facebook got deleted n now I cant  download it  again
It okay
Haaaaate this app !!!!!The new update makes it more unreliable than it was before .. -_-
Unable to upload dp and keeps crashing every time.
Doesn't have a choice to stop notifications from excessive "commenters" anymore!
Supppaaa
Crashes everytime I try to do anything
Easy
Everyone is saying it
Updated today on Samsung Galaxy S3 and now wont upload pics from camera roll to facebook. Crashes when searching for pic to upload...
I REALLY HATE THIS PIECE OF CRAP. WHY?? BECAUSE THIS APP IS THE DEFINITION OF INCONVENIENCE, LAG, ERRORS AND MOST OF ALL IT CLOSES ITSELF!!!!! SO PLEASE IF YOU READ THIS, FIX THIS. WHAT A WASTE OF TIME..
Update terrible. I've got the Nexus 5 and its rapid but this app takes way to long to start and is Laggy! Terrible!
Wth is wrong with this App.  I could understand if Fb was still a private company  but being publicly shared this horrible on the highest level of horrible!  If the app even opens it crashes within 5 second.  On top of that it so big of a application I would rather download 2 hd movies in its place.  I believe the Dev needs to get a good talking too without codes so I'll say... get your ish together or move on. My child can write better code than this and he's only 8.. thank you and have a nice day! !!!!!!!
Worst app ever. Everytime you "fix" something you make other stuff worse. cant stop notifications now and its really effin annoying.
Glad the updates always make things worse. Clicking on names does nothing, doesn't take to their page and crashes when it wants to. Great job
Application is freezing mobile and it takes too long to open and after that hang
It just crashes everytime..
Look, give us the turn off notification for each post we comment on. Sometimes we want to say our piece and move on without our notications blowing up.
Bonn
Fb keeps crashing :( So sad because it worked much better before the update!!!!
Idk but since this last update I can't check my comments, it crashes,  messenger did too. Un installed both restarted phone "cleaned" it then downloaded it again and it still does it.. honestly it's just annoying!
Since the new update my phone will not load pics or videos to be seen.  Most of the time it shows that it is trying to load and never does.  Fix this please.
Facebook needs to read these comments, Facebook App is crap crashes constantly on my Galexy Tab 3. A waste of space anyone with shares in facebook should cash them in.
With the update I had to delete 7 apps and I have memory card and when you play you try to post(yeah you can post)something it says   "are you sure you want to post this, are you 10 our older, did you ask a adult, do you want to write something about this picture"then tons of apps pop up.
It Sucks , it force clothes && always goes to the home screen by itself
I like it
Hajikhannasiri nasiri
The new version very very bad bcs.......
Fix it please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice
The features they've added are awesome....And impeccable....just making the app use as comfortable as the desktop one.... great work keep it up guys....work with this pace only and soon you will reach the new level of networking....
Not working :|...
not bad
TOTALLY SUCKS NOW. TAKES UP SOO MUCH MEMORY. WASNT ENOUGH TO MAKE US INSTALL MESSENGER WAS IT? SMH
Like it
Rose
Great!!!
I use it daily. These updates have improved performance.
It needs improvement y'all needa make one were u don't have to download the message app
I can see my friends statuses but cant see any of their photos and when I go to their profiles I can't see anything... It just shows a loading symbol
Logar 11033
Crashes every 10 secs! What the Hell????
Keeps crashing for no reason will not install until you fix the problem
Can't sign in and if I do it crashes
error while downloading..
rubbish it will not download it it says insufficient storage even though ive got 16 gb storage left
i love this app
It needs improvement
i <3 this app
Since the update i cannot get ¨¤ny more than 4 secs into reading before it shuts down.  Since im using it to keep in touch with my sisters all over the world. Think I'll delete and use google +, I know that works .....
Minus stars last update cr............
Works smoothly but crashes sometime. I want facebook to make a dark theme in next update so that we can use fb at night also....waiting for the dark theme fb...make it as soon as u can
New update crashes the fjrst five seconds you open it..wont even load thr lig in screen..messenger is the same. I open it, says log in again i say okay.the screen turns red then.force closes the app
I love the ability with keeping up with my friends. The app is filled with fluff and puff. It boggs my phone down to the point of moving backwards. Take the garbage out and make a working app please.
I just want to be able to have myself signed in pretty much on all the other places I'm needing to get signed in cause I don't know what password is used all the time dang it there is too many times I have to sign in again for Facebook when I was just signed in and chosed to stay signed in always
I don't like the idea that this system in trying to take over, I like to make my own choices. I only went on Facebook, because, it is getting impossible 
:(
Everytime i try to install on my galaxy tab3 in just crashes. So now i cant use it and i wont install again.
Good
Its oh OK but bullying tho thank alot  now I can't go on unit 13
Motorola RAZR HD
F u c k you
Will not me look at the information. It cuts off after one second . Thanks
Works great
Good
No way to disable auto refresh of timeline. One moment you're reading an item and the next moment you're transported to the top of the timeline. God awfull app.
Keeps crashing. Won't load on my tablet.
cool update...the thing i like the most is i dunt hve to open any browser to read an article... good work done but still there is a room for improvement :)
Libro.
Thought I was the only one... Not worth the 1 star if u can't access the damn app!
Give me most and satisfied networks I'll gave u five stars.I can install easily Facebook messenger faster than ever
Amazing App
Crashes non stop.
This app works better now that I got a Samsung Galaxy Mega....
This app really sucks . I just uninstalled it and got 50% more juice.
nice app and update
If I log out so my wife can log in, it comes up with "session has expired" and tells you to log in again  then closes without a way to log in again. Have cleared cache but doesn't work. The only way is to uninstall then reinstall ... Ridiculous!!
facebook
Low range
But very very very slow.. maximum 15-18 MB app that good to speed..
It keeps clashing... app wont stay open...
Using on my Samsung Galaxy Tab3 and it is useless,closes down within a few seconds,please fix the app!
aye
Everytime I go on fb for a few minutes it crash every single time. Plz fix this ASAP
Fcbk
deepak
Won't load
Doesn't update when connected to Wi-Fi
Even Time I Open It It Keep Closing, Like What Was The Point Of Me Updating It?
Even though it uses up all the space, it doesn't even let me log in. It keeps saying it setting up.. -_-
facebook
Single
Everything about this last update doesn't work better. It constantly skips in videos and the vsync goes off if you change screen orientation. I'm blown away at how bad this app is now. Now I need an alternative to the Facebook app. I'm running an s5 on ART runtime. Avoid this latest update!!!
Very good
Thank you
Can't use it ... keep closing
Good
Not very user freindly
Just got a new update and I hate it. The 'most recent' and other stuff displays seperately and it's awful. Fix it.
Latest updates make facebook crash all the time.  I cannot see other peoples pictures and I am unable to comment on anyones status.  Completely useless
nice
i cant upload pictures.. :(
Y it keeps on crashing everytime im going to log in???can u pls fix this..
So much for yr super almost weekly updates, well this one has failed on a grand scale. You open Facebook up,  scroll down a little bit and almost immediately it kicks you out, Yeah nice one for that....NOT....sort it out will you its not like you can't afford to
I'm with everyone else!! Keeps closing after I open the app.
App works great until you try to share something. Then it just is blank post. Used to work great. Have to Uninstall then reinstall to get share to work, and then it only works for a couple times. Please fix
Verry nice
Since the update FB app sucks.  It closes when I try to check any comments or notifications.
It works fine in my samsung star pro :)
Need to update my FB. Something is wrong. I have the Galaxy 3. I'm showing the old format.
Should be minus rating for auto video playing. Let users decide which video to watch or not. Uninstalling crap version
Facebook wont open anymore :(
Every time I hit my facebook app it keeps taking me to the app store to a panda game .....I just want the fb app...not the panda game and Its crashing a lot....plus I'm still jot happy about being forced to download the messenger app
It always hangs
You
Okay when I upload a photo I would like to see my photos in the organized folders that I put them in not just jumbled up in the order that I saved them to my phone. I need organization please.
Rubbish app just crashing for 100 times
It gets progressively worse after every update.  I shall be leaving Facebook asap.
Skit
Wouldn't even bother downloading this app.. photos won't loaf and then keeps crashing sort it our or I will be deleting! !

umeshkanna.g
Having links open in app is great, but having to back track through every page I go through to return to the actual FB app itself is annoying as f*$&
I have the LG G Pad and I am constantly getting "tap to reload"  message. I have tried rebooting the tablet and removing and reinstalling the application and it still occurs
Come on fb sort it out!  App crashes when reading newsfeed, sharing, commenting, liking.  It's been like this for weeks now.  So sick of it.
So good
I love it.
I love Facebook
I like old version
Good
Worked fine before yesterday's update. Now it is stuck and won't load for my Samsung S3. Don't even get me started on FB for my Tab 3. It doesn't even load. And I have scoured the internet for a solution. Best solution? To revert to the old version of Facebook. Ridiculous.
It is slow and definitely needs improvement. Also I don't get notifications a lot of times.
Slow
I like facebook
Loved it
good
Dont want it on my phone, i didnt ask for it, this is junk how do i remove it, just taking up space
Nice
Now all the access icons are gone unless your in the top stories pane.  I don't understand you people.
Not happy about... yet another messaging app... but overall pretty good.
Crashes every 5 mins!!
Keeps freezing on tablets and now has way to many ads!!!!!! Use to be ad free what hapened????
1) U aint listening to this comments. U aint fixing no bugs. Your app is getting slower. U are overloading this app. It slows my phone down. Upgrades every week though with the highest intriguing features
Josh
Luaskan kuasamu johor
it closes unexpectedly.... takes a long tym to open...today I wrote a longer status before to post suddenly it closed
Love it
Am using Sony Xperia.. It's lyk after I upgraded to Kitkat recently my Facebook app was not there.. I tried downloading nd when I installed it poped up as.. "failed to install app.. Not compatible"!!  I tried from app store, app manager nd even with ma pic suite.. It's not working at all.. It's long tym since I used fb in ma phn.. FIX IT SOON GUYS :-(
(Y)
Facebook application is loading so slowly and need 40+ mb of device to install  It's not good for the phones having slow internet connectivity and less storage....
Cant copy any text :/
SQN
Goes off by itself after 5 minutes! Fix it please.. really annoying
Very good
Crashes after about 5 seconds.  Cannot view friends profiles or photos
Keeps crashing... Even after update
I got almost 6 hours of extra battery life by uninstalling this. I'll just use the mobile site.
Wats wrong with this app after update it has gone worst doesn't open quickly n after it opens v even cant read msgs nor notifications ..it just collapse ..dont download it.. Or plzz do fix it asap..
Good
Facebook notification bar is not opening plz fix this problem's
Hate its update........ New version has it own  browser. And this is not good
Gooooodddd.......
Bag of cats guts after the update ! pictures and videos fail to load up
Appen fungerar som den ska.
My battery getting low fast
I click to read a story or comments and it automatically goes to the top of my news feed....annoying..I'm about to delete this app and just use it in my browser...smh
Loved it
It can't even open as soon as I open it the app closes Wtf is going on here!!!! Fix It!!!!
Does not exit the app when closing :( Completely bad app. Has no chat anymore. Needs to much rights. Timeline is not sorted by most recent. And so on....
Willie williama
I love you sadhasar
Crashes when trying to upload photo.
User friendly
App keeps crashing.
-.-
Awsome
I use Asus Zenfone 5 which has 2GB RAM and it seriously uses up 137MB of RAM! This is just disgusting...
Awesome
Facebook will still the famous social website and that its app , the same app in all systems
Ram
Really good....
Boo
Muy Bueno para ver a la Familia
Omar gaber
Trying to load this app on my samsung galaxy note 2 and it wont even load just keep shutting off
I can't invite friends to my page . Please fix !!!
Amazing feature while surfing no need to open the story, just save the story n u can view it later
Bumper
Its sucks!!!!.. can't see any notification pop up in the icon..
best
F*uck this open links internally
Lonely
One of the invention I believe
I cant upload photo from facebook status to my timeline and it automaticly closed... Please fix it...
I can't get to pages like normal, clicking on the page name. It just stays on my news feed.  It constantly crashes. I do like that I can easily tag people in my groups from mobile now. I liked the last update. This one, not so much :/
Yeah aha aha
R
Because of you
I can't change my profile picture. Really irritating
Thanks
Need to fasted speed
It's good you can text send pic rift funny stuff but I am wornning you that people can say bad things and be inaproperate things so what out
The new design is sleek and simple. Way to go.
App does not load...frustrating
I used to have an old version and unfortunately I have updated it. Since then, it does not stay connected for more than 5sec, certainly not if trying to watch a video. Thank you guys for trying to send me out of the house meeting real people...
Is there really no way you guys know of that prevents my Most Recent from jumping to the top right in the middle of me scrolling?!!
Forces closes too much, several minutes for pics & comments to show up. Update was worse than it was before. KEEP ADDING UPDATES AND STILL HAVING THE SAME ISSUES, WHY BOTHER WITH UPDATES IF YOUR NOT FIXING THE ISSUES
Fantastic job in Facebook
God you guys keep making the worse changes! Now with this stupid new update I can't tag people, photo comment, share etc....
MOHSIN   KHAN

facebook is a good app
gooD and cool
Works pretty good on my Galaxy S4, but can't change my news feed from most popular to most recent!  And messenger is absolutely awful, they never get my message til a day later!
Santosh dahal
App gets to 93% and stops..
Good service
It well not stay open. Itll open load and crash immediately.
Jhakas
Love it
datkm imel
Mawar setangkay
I love my Facebook up but woke up this morning and my news feed wouldn't load so I deleted it and reint
Friend, company, enemy, lover, and a parent.
Basically there is nothing new compare to iphone facebook version.but atleast that worked very much better.i cant even upload photos properly too much bugs fix this
I can't click on ANY names or groups an go to that location now. Fix it
NICE
What is with the constant updates?  Also if updated can someone please put a description in the Google Play store about what is being changed?
Itjo i bn dwnloading since 7:30 nw its past 8 a very slow app ths is. Nna i cnt dzeeeaaal
Lije it
Kumar

Since i updated the app. Keeps crashing every 5 seconds. :(
Keeps crashing and is slower not faster
Take over loading juZ irretate
I get half way through my news feed and then all of a sudden I'm looking at my homescrene again??
Most frustrating app around......keeps jumping round. Middle of reading a post and it jumps to the top. Grrrr
No default sort function even after being around a long time. Awkward to use and bloated. Best just to use a browser to view Facebook posts.
Hakekat maay allah ahkamul hakaymen hai
But it's great
Very very nice
Crashes within seconds of opening. When will this be fixed? Been doing this for months now.
Not only have I touched base with high school classmates. But I've also found some family back home and a cousin in Italy.
this app is very hlpful to use fb on cell ...
Disturbing!
Sayange tulisane kadang gak iso di kopi su.......Cuk deh..... lha trus lapo pisan bos e fb ktmuan karo bos e negoroku....hhhoh
Good
Tanks bro. Hope this application more better from last time I'm users this application
Terbaik
we cant remove tag ... before viewing the pic
All you guys did was make it worse.
My life
Nanny
Last updated has been very slow to use for comparing the older version and new update has very nice it's very use but it's very slow
Onji
Every update gives rise to one more problem in solving earlier issue. Its really funny that a app which have over a 100million downloads is so problematic !
Its good
It keeps freezing when trying to down load
Everytime I open the app on my tablet it comes on for a few seconds and shuts off. Been like this for a long time PLEASE FIX!
Love it
Its excellence will be spread around the world I hope its excellent
Sexo sirf bolnai ko
Developed chat face book
Ummmmmahhhh
Soo big in terma of mb... hope youlle fix this
My wife uses it and it boots her off every time.

Wat happened to Facebook??it keeps force closing evrytime I tried to load d feeds
Facebook sucks now
Love
Kunar
App crashes when attempting to view my "Interests" feeds.
Gut
Thank you god
I can't click on names or pages to go directly to their walls. Terrible.
This is a very dangerous application
s5, s3, galaxy note 10.1 and galaxy tab all have problems with latest update. Recent feeds either force close after 10 seconds or the screen goes blank! Basically has shut Facebook down! Not a bad thing, on it too much anyway!
Supet
Mine keeps crashing 5 sec after i open it...ughhhhh
Good!! People can communicate
And I don't like the new layout. Facebook is not worth having anymore...until you make it better I have deleted it and don't plan on returning.
I can't never see statuses for today it's always yesterday or something else.
i like it i can keep in touch with friends an family

Love this app
Where did the little arrow go that let's me turn notifications off? Why, when I'm reading my timeline posts, do I lose the post that I exit from? It just disappears. I often want to share but this app scrolls to the top when I want to keep scrolling down. I don't want it to auto scroll. This is very annoying. I may as well just use Chrome. I have set this app to refresh every 4 hours. I think that setting is broken. Please fix it. Also, why when I do share, do I have to press the back button to get to my feed?
A great app! But with the recent updates it keeps running in the background increasing the work, because i have to force stop the app every time i use it. And it's proving to be tiresome!
It's work fine until all the updates and it's became unusable
Awesome for fb easy to use
Phone is so bad it won't download it! Sony Xperia e
Keeps crashing
1234
Too good
Why doesn't it want to open?? Don't understand... No man!
Smile......
Having problems with the last update
Mr
Basically there is nothing new compare to iphone facebook version.but atleast that worked very much better.i cant even upload photos properly what kind of joke is that?
Problems
Downloading videos from Facebook can be a slow laborious process. Why can't I save my favorite videos?
DIS FUCKIN APP KEEP CRASHIN N BULLSHITTING...
Nice....
Always closes down when trying to navigate it's very frustrating. Was like woo-hoo they did a update maybe it will stop closing on my android apparently I was wrong shuts down even faster great job guys
To see the number of views in all our stats/ posts should be added to Facebook :D
A
Since the update, the app keeps on crashing on all my devices.
Google
Lol
Where can  I find my videos I have uploaded
Adam
Consome uma bateria absurda do celular.
After installing the new update the app go extremely slow, I've checked my network speed and I'm running 6mps be aware!
Very. Good app
No pictures or videos will load anywhere. not to worry though, the advertisement show up just fine
only i likes it
Good
Horrible...sick of the tap to retry!
Toooo gooood
Ok
No pics gets upload... Really needs to improve on slowness
I hate the latest update. When signing in an error popup. And cant even connect my games..
Like Ok Done
so good
I can't click on people's names to look at their profiles.
Love it but it get lots of my phone ram and continously increasing and run akways in back ground
Lvable job.....personally I love it very much
Very nice
So nice....
Ur updates dun fix nothing ....
Lolxd always hang and stopped -_-
Good application, would recommend.
I don't know what the heck people are talking about but this app does it's work. Never failed me.
Why do i need to instaLL facebook messenger if I had a chatbox..?? Come on such a moron..!!
Facebook is a great way to find family and friends with
Kank
It keeps crashing, it won't let me get on my pages, and if someone texts me it won't let me respond I have to exit out and get on Messenger.
Videos are not being uploading since two days, showing error that content is abusive before uploading is done kindly fix it.
Its not okay !! Fully can't change privacy and profile pic can't upload as full.. its alwz show me to crop :(
Mdbn
Love
It's going worst day by day
It always say that my session is expired! I cannot log-out properly.. it always return to my error loading newsfeed.. what should I do with it..?
GoOd..........
what a super app. thanks for zuckerberg
Whats going on...i cannot download the facebook app..gets me into crazy!!
Facebook
I cannot upload photos to fb why is this since your new update please fix this issue it is very annoying.  This use to be a Great App. I would have gave you a 5 but there is a glitch hope it is fixed by morning thank you... herw it is another day and I still can't do the fb photo uploads from phone and it crashes about to delete this app. Please fix second tome I asked. 5 stars when its fixed
what's new?after i update nothings changed as of now still the same! My problem is the time.. my mobile is set to 12Hrs format and when i go to fb app. The time is military time.. and the emoticon i can't see!.. pls FIX THIS.. ILOVE TO USE ALWAYS FACEBOOK tnx
Qruwgrdb bkdke.dje
App work
Very exite ful very famous
Vikas kanojiya
Keeps crashing when upload a pictures on my lg g3.
Downloading is very slow
My Facebook is blinking black and white fix it please thanks
Face to face
22587.991
With every update it is getting worse looks like they don't  want to fix it
App doesnt load anything and wont let me sign out!
its really fantastic
9ice.!
Awesome              Yar
You can't evem check your messages with the messenger app and it crashes alot!!!!!
Picks book
Nic
Cant get on facebook at all , it goes straight off please fix it.
steven
Everything sackses
Nice
Great app
Tfw it wont even download the app !

1436
Funny the new update won't update on my galaxy s4..
I do not know
Verry good
So nyc app of fb to use for mobile no hangng matter in dis app
Good
My like
Not anything to write home about
its going so slowto downloaf
I like the convenience of this app. I would like it better if when I'm reading posts, it would stay where I'm at on my news feed instead of auto refreshing to the top of the page. I takes too long to find the post I was reading again, it wastes my time. I suggest using the web-version of Facebook while reading your news feed.  Otherwise this is a great app!
It took lon long time to get download
Just wow
Meuahh
Awesome application
Slow
T
Closes out when checkin notifications...friend requests....and messages
Suresh@gmail' com
dedy
Just downloaded the app., keeps going back to my homepage.What?
Got this app on the Galaxy S5... I can't get to people profiles by clicking on their picture and i can't post anything on anyones walls. This new update is HORRIBLE.
Good
The previous version loaded apparently I can't log in. I tried using the browser to log in and that works fine. The update is quite faulty
You know how people need it thats why you wont change your plans. Hate the fact that Im forced to download the messenger and it keeps crashing all the time. I hate the fact that I have to download facebook because I cant use my browser to post my photos I just hate the whole change stuff! I WANT THE OLD VERSION!! AND IM SO NOT ALONE WITH THIS COMPLAINT. AND IT IS NEVER FASTER EVER!!!
Pictures and Posta and feed takes forever to load...my cover photo never loads when I look at my page
Not work
Nice
Vijay joshi
Fantastic
You really need to understand some people don't care about top story and want to use most recent. Thanks for taking away the notification bar when looking at the most recent feed.
Won't even open.
I hated it .only use it for the sake of ccs
Drain battery!
Its very nice but some of its features not faster
Nice
Ho un tab 3 samsung 10 e fb mi crash ogni 5 secondi....1 solo xke se no nn mi fa commentare ....le darei 0 stelle e pure troppo!!!!!!
hp
Bery god
Thanks
It nice
Wont open. It closes after 4 seconds.. keep on trying to open and just keeps closing.. P.O.S.!
Cant see news feed in order. You hit the most recent it gives you the week b4. Would rather sign in on my browser. Good luck smh
Great
its good
This so much stupid apps. It makes me depressed. I hate it.
Best social network
What intresting
What's with the last update, has this been tested at all prior to be released? ONE OF THE WORST VERSIONS YET!
Too many bugs! Keeps crashing after latest update
Keep closing app and will not load
Plz check... N update... App is too slow... Doesn't respond well...
Crash problem trying to correct by re installing
Gohdyv
Uses more RAM it slows down my phone could you guys fix this problem
Sanjay Kumar
Forced Facebook messenger = 1 star
I love how you can use this on your tablet and your computer
It is not working properly after updating 2nd time. No more Facebookinggg...
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, app loads then immediately crashes.  Last couple of updates have ruined a once stable app.
Like this app
Vry  nice
One of your updates will not let me open and stay open like FB before but now can't use it....hate it
The new update doesn't allow you to click on someone's name and go to their home page
I love it
335804
Every time I decide to open the app and read the stream, the app feels the need to auto update posts. Brings me all the way back to the top and mixes all the old with the new posts. Makes it even more of a waste of time then Facebook already is.
Was addicted to Facebook on my Android tablet.  Latest update ruined it!  Keeps cutting out back to my homepage.  Worst of all, the posts are blacked out!  I can see the photos, but the text looks like it's been redacted by the CIA.  What good is Facebook when you can't read the posts?!?
Made my fb life easier
Plz make diff. Tablet app with all desktop features..this looks good on phone but bad on my tab. Fonts very small on tab n photos aspect ratio of images is not proper on tab.
D   S.   S
regardless if I am on wifi or using my 4G lte.  No pictures are viewable.  I can see videos but no pictures. Explain how that makes sense? Fix it.
Can't turn off notifications.  This is going to be irritating.
Just updated my Samsung Tab 4.  App crashes repeatedly.
Goog app but how download video
Nice sofwer
Sathies
Its nice to use also feels comfortable,useful.....tanx for the app
ang bagal
I like
Love it
More usefull than desktop for fb
Won't load pictures at all and cannot see comments please fix this
This app used to work flawlessly i never had an issue with it. Now if i comment on a post and someone replys to my comment i do still get a notification of the reply but if i click on the notification it takes me to the original post not my comment. I commented on a large business  post and when i recieved a reply i have to search thru 1000s of other comments to find mine.  Its ridiculous. App will be uninstalled until i hear this has been corrected.
Good
Ultimate application...
Facebook
Tablet interface please!
Everytime I get a new phone I download this app.  It's evolved so much plus it's basically a daily ritual for everybody to check Facebook.
Nice
Sweet Lord! Get the update fixed!! Keeps crashing!!
Kicks me off after about 30 seconds. Not even worth a star, you guys killed it! Why did I update? Fix it!
Not liking the new layout. Why do we have to go leave most recent just to see our notifications?
S
Little  things  happen
Not good because Jumping by itself from the present page to the first page
I love facebook
lis
Very cool application!!!!!!     Love it
Pictures are bot loading. Orelse, evrything is fine!
Very good
I can't even post photos now
Uninstalled it until its fixed, oh and it doesn't look like Facebook is concerned enough to even reply to any of these complaints
good

App keeps freezing and shutting down!
The app works fine except for name links. Please fix.
Itz very slow to download even in 3g network......fed up....
Depend on net speed
Idiot jinhone Facebook banaya
oh god
Good
How can the last update be undone?? Seems like theres more bugs to be worked out than before
Love facebook from past 5 years ;)
I can't click in to any ones links on my wall or feed news :(
Keeps exiting to home page  Can't post anything  very annoying. If you can't do an update to fix the problem, why do you bother!!!! I have a suggestion, why don't you remove all the updates you have done for about the last 5 months!!!! Facebook was working fine then!!!!
Very nice Web site
Don't like Facebook but kinda need it
Messaging not open. And application close automatically.
It works most of the time, but. sometimes pictures don't load. And it auto plays videos even though I turned that off in the settings.
rapchik app
Shaza dasttan xoshby
Goodapp
Why should i download messanger? I cant send message directly. Ohh this is so bad now. I hate it

Awesome
It
Good
Its nice ....i love it
I like 
This new update sucks. I'm not getting my notifications. And the news feed keeps showing me post from 3 days ago. This is why I hate updating this stupid app. All that money you make I'm sure you can fix the problem.
I can't even download it!!
Its not working.. i want it fixed immediately!!!

Unstable app. Built in browser cannot be disabled, and is incredibly slow. Constantly locking up phone, requiring a restart.
Face book I do not use!!
This app in comparison with other app have nothing in it,  no voice call,  no hidden mode,  can't share pdf or docx file. So disappointed with Facebook.
very good
Is the grading scale on the quality of the app. It's the most resource intensive app on the whole phone. There has yet to be optimizations on resources. There needs to be correction on how the news feed is auto refreshed. I'm always in the middle of reading something then it disappears. Disappointing. Camera roll sucks. Use android API and learn how to optimize.. not puke ideas in a app and call it good.
D
Is awesome because I get to keep in touch with my sister in law in they U.K :)
The last update was really bad, application stops automatically and shut down... Doesn't deserve even one star! Wtf!
Just nice
Not running. Every time force close.then aftr uninstalling ,again not installing
App used to take 3-4 mins to load n was very slow. This update seems to have solved d problem
Use every persons
is it any problem of the apps after update?
Ouch
New update sucks
Apps iz nics
bad
It suckes my whole phone  memory space  Pls look to the problem
I couldn't survive without it!
Good speed
It won't let me go to my notifications at all the second I hit it the site crashes..... your updates made it worse than what it was.. before I had no problems. Now its useless getting on it anymore.
Links don't work properly. Takes forever to load. Crappy.
Tatti jawajddn
Using my Galaxy Tab 3. I cant even do anything! It crashes about 3 seconds after opening it! So irritating, I've just been using the browser.
(A.P.Nihal "Lahiru-Isuru" kiwula.lunama.Ambalantota.SiriLanka)
Shanti
Follow my twitter @gdebayuperdana and you will see more artist
App keeps crashing on me.
Finally working perfect!
If don't autoupdate
Im hot
Wont let me me sign in and out. When it updates. My facebook crashes. This site needs help!!
Ala
App never loads properly. Always crashes when it finally decides to open. Thinking about getting rid of it.
Dats my jam..... :)
Force us onto news feed? Remove notification shortcuts? All we want is most recents! And why would I open links in fb when I have multi tab browsing?? Use your customer insights wisely or your 10yr grand plan is gonna fall flat bro
Horrible app that never works. Frustrating!
Tbsnaisnnajz.amaosnevcsai
After the last update, the app keeps crashing !!!
The app is crashing everyone I open it
App is getting loded and disappear beforeit is completely opened
Kausar ali
Asyik keluar dalam 5 saat
Ok
Like I said above it just gives me a spinning circle and then says check connection. Yet I am on LTE and even on Wi-Fi same problem.
Nice !!!!!!
The update is a suck.
OK
Lorse
Love
Good

...after the latest update. Built in browser zucks, wont load the pages properly and whenever I hit back after reading something it always lands me back to the top of my news feed. I always find myself visiting fb on browser instead. LOL. Useless app.
i have samsung tab 3 and facebook keep closed once i load it, its really suck fix it please..
Nice
It's loading allot -¡Ì-
Continues to update that doesn't need updates and just causes more memory data to be taken up. App is getting ridiculous. I keep having to take off and 're download. As soon as I get internet I'm leaving Facebook to the computers
Takes too much space on my tab
Can't view pictures into the app
This last update is an epic fail. Considering not using any more because the insistance to use a seperate app for messages. Screw you guys!!!
I dont like that I have to download a nother app just to talk to my friends!
I can't turn on/off notification from a post after/before comment
Let people steal my identity and my life.
Pictures take forever to load, if they decided to load at all. Frustrating to sit here and scroll down my feed just to miss more than half of what people are posting.
I think I have found the reason for the crash. I uninstalled the app, reinstalled again. No issues. Went into the phone settings (Samsung Galaxy Note2) and selected "Sync Contacts", opened Facebook and crashed again. Went back into the settings and unchecked "Sync Contacts", crash disappeared.
Allison khate
Working system is very fast and work easy
Amazing as always!!!!
New version  problem.why????
With new update, all the webpages will open up in the built in browser of Facebook app rather than chrome or other browser. You will be forced to watch the attached videos from YouTube in the sh***y browser.
It is good
Living truth
Setting up Problem was resolved
Deepika
Nowadays we can't live without Facebook ...

bhala
Nice one
Nice
Pesa muito o telefone e consone muita memoria...melhorem isso por favor...
Just got the droid turbo. I scroll through my news feed for a few seconds and the app closes. Not happy.
Loved it
Nice
I've changed my rating. I have had to uninstall and reinstall 5 times in less than 3 days. What the hell is going on?
Very bad
Keeps closing on me and won't load videos
Exiting the app using the back button resets the view to the default top stories.  I have to change this every time I forget to just hit the home button.  I just want to be able to set it to the most recent view and it actually stay there as opposed to fb trying to force their alternate views on me. They've now removed notifications from the most recent view. Way to drive people away from your product...
So i can no longer log into facebook since the new update! Everytime i go to put it my password it will not let me! Fix this please!
.why always it is not responding??   try to fix that bug.
Good
Hope it works fine since its still downloading but I would end up giving it 3 stars cuz by the update's info provided I hope this app is awesome!
Use for better fb... love and install to chat better
Why did I buy this piece of s*** Samsung tablet. I have uninstalled and reinstalled Facebook several times. I have looked up fixes. Why can't you people make Facebook work on this tablet? What a waste of 350 bucks.
Spr
Nyc
I like it.
Cj
Gooooood and love it
KEEPS CRASHING
This update sucks  , i cant upload pics !
Crashes within seconds of opening the app. It has been happening since the last few days.  Not sure what the last update was about,  but it has certainly killed this app.
Thanks
It's very Esay
I cant upload my pics ,cant change the cover or profile pics even the post pocs are not uploading...
Speed of Installation of this app is slow
Cant do anything on my Samsung Galaxy 3 tablet anymore. Facebook just closes
Trend
Y after i have update this app, and now cannot open? While i open it,it will come out automatic. Please fix it!
Great app...!
Crashes repeatedly.  Have tried reinstalling, only made worse
Now this app gave more fun no bugs
specially for messages :D
Good
Nice and clean application
So many update. Sometime to slow. Not loading photo.
Now I have to press the back button over and over again to go to the news feeds page. Its time consuming, not to mention annoying.
After the last update,my facebook crashes,it stays on for 3 seconds.It doesn't deserve a 1¡î,  more like a -10!!!!!!!!!!SORT IT OUT PLEASE!!!!!
Cool
Fantastic
Mhummte
Send all my post whenever I log on even if I miss a day I want all of yesterday and today as in on time
Samsung tab 3 the app closes by itself several time please sort this out
So lags
New update doesn't work
When I share something the pop ups showing more from that group or poster is very annoying. If I wanted more I'd just go to that website or homepage.
Ahmed
why Facebook is forcing users install facebook messenger? the messenger used up like over 200mb of ram,this is ridiculous,i might as well uninstall the facebook app
When i click the picture,  its going in home .. please fix this problem ..
I can't open it pls do something
Love it.love it...
Hi
Way to many permissions. Can no longer turn off notifications directly in post.
Fix your goddamn app
I can't even figure out how to access Facebook after I installed this!
Having UNNECESSARY issues TODAY. ..urrrrg
After the new update the app keeps crashing. WTF
Keeps crashing
anilkumarmoolakkaran
forget pass word
Thanks
I like it at four stars, the one and only problem is space on my phone, everything else is great,but it needs to take up less space, that's all. I had to uninstall this app because of that. :(
Its an horror
Move more to sd card plez
Good
I love fb
Please do something about all the comments here. App just hang and close down.
Not impressed. Was great til now, facebook app just started crashing. Hadnt even updated the app and it was doing it now updated it and its still crashing. Wtf. Please fix and ill give 5 stars
Good
I have a Samsung Galaxy S3. Since the most recent app update, I can't like posts, can't get anything I post to stick around, can't see more than about 10 posts total in my news feed and longer posts or posts with more than 1 photo either take forever to load or never load. What the heck?
App crashes within seconds of opening it making it unusable
Love it
Don't hanging during use
The app is great but the size gets bigger and bigger after every update. Very heavy app. Please try to make a lightweight app.
22,586,428
Good
Thanks facebook team ^_^
The new version slows down the speed instead of increasing it using Galaxy S5 and plus it makes Messenger buggy. Also some random pics wont load.
This wouldn't be a one star if this App didn't latch onto my phone after installing and then "uninstalling"
Very useful to search my old friends where they are located
ailyn tolentino
Unable to logged out properly...
Good
This time, you made it so that when you select a notification, there are no selections at the top anymore. i.e. When you select to see post a friend made or a comment someone replied to you, you can't go to friend requests, messages, etc... You guys have to stop trying to fix that which is not broken! The only reason I keep using this app is because I like using Facebook in general and I like to stay in contact with my friends. PLEASE FIX SOON!!!!!!
Too many commercials taking priority over personnel messages n posts.  Slows down and commercials all over screen.  So sad.
loving itt
Today it's all about app crashing! No updates?!!!!
Bad
Worst
Thanks for getting rid of the ability to check notifications from the "Most Recent" view. The convenience was getting old.
Add edit own comment option
Very slow, pic's won't load.
Whole market needs worked on...
In previous version signing in was easy but now it looks little difficult. Secondly you could switch through your privacy about your photo albums but now that option is not available. It's really irritating.
Need to fix more. Not responding always freezing.
Memuaskan
Won't let me download form the play store
Love it
love it
I like this app
Updates relations
Eveeything Zuper
Helping me to connect the world

Ever since the last update it keeps crashing after like 5 seconds. Using Samsung galaxy tab 3.
History not able to clear
Top
I like the new layout. Great improvement!
Rhe best
Keeps crashing..if i watch a vid..it crashes, upload, crash..CRASH FUKKN CRASH....BOOO ZUCKERBERG
Pppp
It works alright, but sometimes it closes itself
Updated app still stops loading feed to the time line. There is to much advertising going on. To many advertising videos, app ads, sponsored pages etc trying to load that stop the app from loading actual friend's feed to my device. On a positive note, the poor quality of this facebook experience makes it easier to ignore facebook entirely.
Consistently crashes.
Demand
It works just fine!!!
Jfof
Good
spy
Why does the Facebook app need to snoop in my device history... +1 for not updating until that permission is removed.
Buggy
The most recent post in my news feed is now 12 hours old. Really????
Wont even load or stay open on tab 3. Nice work
cooooooooool...
App keep crashing after about 5 second
Eats battery, RAM and space like a caterpillar on a mulberry bush. Good riddance.
its not working
I click on notification use to be good but its rubbish now
We need facebook for tabs just like an ipad has
Takes a long time to   upload the app?
6 star
Full of bugs constantly updating it to bring better features yet does less with each update cant even set it to show feeds in chronological order anymore instead just bombards you with ads and suggested pages in amongst randomly picked feeds from friends posted days or weeks ago with newer posts in between! Now needs you to get a second app that could potentially cost you money to use!
nice
I  did a system update on my Galaxy tab 3 and so far so good. If it starts  crashing again I am changing my rating back to  less than one  star and deleting the app.
Lovely
Good
Great..app
I use it and download the previous update is better  but now update is not better when I open it my account is log in but it say setting up your account and then its say wait a sec and its waiting plz fix this problem
Muhammad khalid
Not bad
Good
This app is very nice to connect with eachother
Use this daily
Wonderful app amazing
crashes almost instantly - doesnt load pictures when it does stay open for more than 10 seconds. Too many spam ads in newsfeed. Slowly becoming an abandoned amusement park. Not worth the hassle.
Plz update its flash player.
I don't mind the Facebook app for android, I have seldom had issues with it, however I don't want to be forced to use a 'separate' app to use the messaging function. please fix this issue or I will refuse to use your product for android... What were you thinking when you made the Messenger app, anyway?
Nice aap
Very good
Its very bad it doesn't works good and ends in few minutes
Well, this is my 1st time to have an app like this but as everyone know that it has side effects..
You,
Keeps for force closing!!! Not good!
When I click on notifications it shuts my phone down
I LOVE  FACEBOOK
Good
Nice
Perfect
It would be nice to be able to do "custom"  setting on the app,  because if I have to go in to the browser or use a computer to edit who sees it well that makes the app useless.
nice app ..and i loved it
Nice
Please go back to one app I don't like the second messaging app. Please go back to being awesome.
I liked the Internet browser app feature that was built in, why did they take it off?
Keeps crashing after update
Because of Messanger.
My fav  app which helped me much to stay with my frienda
Ang galing talaga bago na ung world ngayon
Can be improved
Pictures and videos dont load, facebook stays open even when i have backed out,my news feed is all over the place even after i have set it to most recent.
Mast h boss
Mabilis
Wouldn't download under WiFi or 4g.
It is more usefull.
log
5 seconds after opening it would close on my galaxy tab 4 and galaxy s4. After uninstalling and reinstalling it seems to be working fine now on both devices.
Very nice
I can't open the app after the last update. I've reading the reviews and I'm not the only one. Fix it!!!!!
it always say to get messenger :/
Won't stay open for more than a few minutes before crashing. Sometimes won't even open  just flashes and freezes my phone! If I could give it less than 1 star I would!
Med Rep. AJA Pharma
Take large storage and is not movable to sd card....please fix that problem...
Awesome
Consistently terrible. Doesn't load my news feed more often than it does. Tells me I have new messages but won't let me actually read them, even though it still has a messages tab. Ask for ridiculous amount of permissions. Uses a ton of resources. They should work on making the app function properly before adding any new features, especially when they are features that no one wants, like automating videos that use a ton of data.
It lags so much try to stop improving and just go back to the original
Hahaha nice website.
Bad
Have to reinstall it every time I use it it will crash I'll have to uninstall and reinstall it I like facebook but I'm getting real tired of it fix this app please or I will delete my facebook account
Update sucks ...have been better
so many updates but still no fix for custom posting of status. the share with except with blabla thing
Nice app :)
Keeps crashing
Separated messenger is a disaster for low end devices
Awesome Apps
So amazing
Nice saaru che
U cant top this excelent
Just they said
Good
I hope u will upgrade yr apps more.
F
Nice
No longer works. Constantly crashes
It's awesome
Why update to a version that does not work? Since updating the app keeps closing.  Very frustrating.
When will you fix the bug that crashes facebook when you go to do anything on my galaxy tab? My android mobile works!
App crashs every time even with last update.. i don't know what is going wrong there...my phone is Htc 816
It's cluttered and takes up loads of background memory and storage space. Please make it lighter!
Doesn't even deserve 1 star , app won't even stay open , just crashes after 5 seconds , absolute waste of space on my phone
Well went from a five star to a one can't even open it not very happy.
I fucked. It
Since the latest updates, my Facebook shuts down whenever I go to my notifications. What is up?
Hiii
It's ok, still don't understand the need to open two apps when it can be all in one!
Shouldn't force you to download the messenger app, it should be an option instead! Problems with the app freezing all the time... I have to exit completely out of my app and start back over from what I was originally doing! If my chat is OFF the app and/or safari should NOT show others the time frame of when I was last logged on. It is no ones business when I was last looking on MY Facebook... Fix this, Facebook is becoming a complete hassle!
Awesome
Downloading Facebook
It takes forever to load up my profile pic and news feed. Please do arrange this problem. The update isn't working and it's not good.
Penyakit zaman sekarang
not good
ok typ
Manager
Dud crashes wont even stay open , constantly force closing itself
Nothing wrong with it
It keeps getting better everytime.
App crashes out after about 5 seconds on my galaxy tab3. Great update,
First I thinked that it is very boring but when I downloaded it I understand that it its so amazing thanks facebook now I can upload how many pictures I want thanks again to facebook
Good app
it keeps kick you out after i just open it.
Muaxhhh.. maybe
I like it lol
Not installing ! x(
Better
my phone having 58mb intermal store can not download  fb app
Crap, crap, crap!!!!!!!! What bullshit. People have had problems with the app just crashing all the time on Samsung tablets like I have for weeks and STILL nothing has been done to fix it yet.  Getting bloody sick of it. Screw Facebook I'm going back to using the telephone :( :( :(
Oh cool. Now Facebook doesn't sod off when I tell it to, it lurks in the background. Thanks a lot a**holes.
Keeps Crashing. Stupid app. Update it. Kefs!
Facebook
I love FB but for a couple  of days it keeps crashing & throwing me out when on my tablet. Pleeeeeease fix!!!!!
Since latest update Facebook constantly crashes and closes as soon as I start to scroll down my timeline. I'm using HTC One M7
Keeps crashing...Worked better before!!!!!!!
The last few updates made it very unstable that I can even check my notifications. Just when I'm about to select one the app crashes. Really annoying to honest.
I get into the app but it crashes as soon as I try to use it
Good
Hein zaw
Was the update intended to slow everything down?
Wowwe app
The app will not open,why.
shocking after update!!!! doesnt even stay open!!
Good for nothing app!
Upgrade useless, doesn't open any fotos  or profiles sins upgrade.
I Like it
Happy halloween
I love  facebook to get to know my old friends in the past 55 years . That's Cool man  !!!
Only shows me status updates for like 5 friends, I need an app for an app...pathetic (fb msgr)! And there's times the app doesn't even open ...annoying
Very Poor..!!! Don't Download It..!!!!
Super
Raman
I Love it
Please fix facebook aplication closed
Osm,, fab
The app keeps freezing at the same point and throwing me out! Rubbish
I cant even log in.....
Cannot send message. It keeps sending... sending
I cant get updated!! Still error when i upload pictures .
655w
Just like the title, no need to explain.
Improve loading speed
I like it
It had crashed 7 th time now i am fedup of this app
Gd
Loved
I just love this app... :)
Primarily because of the inability to send private messages since fb began requiring android users to download a separate messaging app. Google+ has totally replaced the sharing of photos.
jus awesome...
nice app
apps
Every  alternative  time  it freezes and hangs my note 3 rectify the problem downgrading  from 5 stars to 2 stars
Off late Facebook app closes within 10-15 seconds on its own after i start it. It worked properly for around 3 months. How can you help guys? i have already updated it.
Pictures on posts of other people won't load.
Good
Finally switched 2 last version
Facebook free with Smart Prepaid and Globe Prepaid
Really its an amazing app :D
Has come a long way. Great app.  Does take up a BUNCH of space on my phone though.
This FB app is very slow from .old verdion
Keep crashing everytime i open it
But  boring cant do most of the stuff like on laptop :s
Why does Facebook keep crashing after I open it? This is a problem that needs to be fixed.
Love
Boss
Takes forever to load after an update if it loads at all. Randomly takes me to the top of my feed when new stories appear. Won't let me switch between Top Stories and Most Recent.
hmworst
Awsome
i always ended up just to log it out . so irritating waiting for a long minute just to open the entire posts ..
I cant tag my friend with the new update
Takes most amount of ramand mobile data as compared to other apps , my phone has become slow after installing this app
Tremendous
My newsfeed is jammed. It shows one post and responses to that post. I refreshed and even restarted my phone. Nothing else displays. Fix your app
Satifying
Nawy
Ufff!!! Really feeling disgusting to view messages in messenger
Can't even open app without it just crashing. Very annoying!
Application won't load. It just keeps on breaking.
Wnt stay open  longer than 5 secs
Good
Good
Can't get it won't come gosh
60% of the time it works none of the time!
BAD CONNECTION.... WORST APP.......
By fb we can talk anywhe so fb is very nic
Super app
Sid
Good
Superb
Who's the scumbags on my page
And I Love It.
Layout keeps changing one minute its the new update layout now its back to the old one. Ffs make your minds up and my news feed is all mixed up with new posts and posts from 2 weeks ago. Wtf really annoying and on top of that after the latest update I can't watch videos using data. Getting ridiculous now
Giil
Your new update sucks,it always crashed after 5 second
Galing :-)
some times its stop responding please fix it
Very good.
The best
Not good and not bad
Not even worth a star :( can't even open videos uploaded by grps fan pages & frnds .
I love this app...
No safe be get privacy fb no net nice with fb
Worst
From yesterday onward... once I press notification... it will be error!!!!  Suck apps!!!! Not even deserve 1 star!!!!
Totally cant post picture after update it. ..
Facebook
Good
Jagdeesh
So much boring to use

It's gettin more slower than before
Photos will NOT load, a few will but not consistently, but MOST do not at all. The main reason I use this site is to see photos so not being able to do this is VERY frustrating!
Worst app
Pretty bad how images are loaded and it opens link in the app instead my browser, even is optional it's wrong
I love it & I've had no problems with it .
Everytime i open the app it instantly crashes
After the last update i can't click on profile names when someone is tagged on a status or photo.
Not bad
Speed is vry slow... better the old version
Works well. Streamlined swift secure and useful. Keep up to date with all your social circles and never miss a beat !
The app size eats up my device space! It used to be so little but efficient!
Crashing....
Keeps crashing
extremely slow in opening notifications and comments. generally very slow at everything.  Keeps losing connection while all other apps are able to access the internet. if ppl have the app installed it doesnt mean they use it.  make it right FB...
Very good
Awesome
Always freezes and kicks me off of FB...
It keeps on crashing n freezing once opened.
I dunno what happened to facebook but it keep crashing down wont load won't show photos please fix it
31/10 - well done facebook. Instead of making it better you've somehow managed to make it worse. I thought it was impossible but apparently not. At least b4 this update I could see maybe the first 3 posts b4 it crashed, now it would be lucky if it loaded b4 crashing.  Don't bother with this app if you have android 4.4.2 23/10 - After my tablet updated to Android 4.4.2 FB continually crashes whenever I want to comment, watch a video or look at someone's profile.  Please fix.....              in addition to this (3weeks later) problems are still not fixed. You would think that fb would have an IT dept that would be able to fix it's issues which are obviously affecting a lot of users. Perhaps this is just another example of how fb is inaccessible and refuses to listen to its users.
I love this application
Hate it. The app closes within seconds..... Why?!?!
I can't even put a message on my friends timeline for his birthday, so now I have to get my laptop, wich is all the way downstairs, pleas fix it!
Thanks facebook..
it usually works well, but since it updated the app force closes all the time.
It is awsome
I can't even get to the sign in because it automatically closes out... fix this problem please very disappointed
Yay
WTF?
ILOVE IT BECAUSE ITS THE BEST APP EVER
Always crashing evrytym i open..very slow on xperia j and eats too much memory..
Always force to close it makes my network slow
App downloads slow.....
The Messages tab on the Facebook app is completely useless now.  It is now nothing but a full page ad for the Facebook Messenger app, and there is no option to close this ad and view your messages.  That's right, not only did they take away the ability to send or receive messages on the FB app, now you can't even VIEW the messages. Some of us don't want to download a second app just to use the messaging feature of the website. Some of us don't like having an additional app taking up space &draining battery.
It crash every time... Always
The new update makes it more reliable .
very annoying about crash to homescreen always crash
App will close out before I can use it, and when I do get it to stay open, the pictures don't even load.
Nice
Bad update...plus fix
Facebook
We can no longer click the arrow to click "stop notifications" from our notification tab. We have to go back to our timeline, look for the post and do it from there. Fix this please
I love
Loe
Awful
It keeps crashing every 2-3 minutes... can't get anything done!!!!!
Is good. This app
It work's very good on my phone all the photos are displayed etc......the ppl for whom it doesn't work there is some problen in your phone....
its too good
Plz install mesenger on it....
I cannot upload photos to fb why is this simce your new update please fix this issue it is very annoying.  This use to be a Great App. I would have gave you a 5 but there is a glitch hope it is fixed by morning thank you
Good better best.
Yuk
Nice
Messaging capabilities
What the fruits...why suddenly shutdown when i check the newsfeed notifacation friend rqst etc....wasted our tym....please solve it......
After another update facebook sucks. Can't get into my own timeline, just keep on shutting down after 2 min. Please will someone start to fix the problem
Young boy
Slow
Always worked fine now doesn't after latest update. Lodged error last week but got no reply
Keeps logging me out. Bullshit.
very smooth, fast and easy on latest update (Y)
god
Logging in to facebook through its browser is not fun at all, quite frustrating but far better on uc browser n opera mini n the pattern so lovely there.
Won't stay on get booted as soon as I get on. Or if I am lucky enough to get on can only see 1 or 2 statuses then crash again. Fix it. !!!!
Click on notifications.  The app force closes after 5 seconds
Fine app
I like it
I had used it and had to uninstall it. As nothin opened.. no pics opened.. Wonder if it is owned by facebook..
Family members.Aashish Joshi,Dr.Prajakta Joshi,Mrudula Gokhale,Sulabha Joshi,Nikhil Gokhale
I cant see my  news feed...wtf..is going on
Do more work on this aap it doesn't work proparley
use very eagle
Babbal
I go to open the app and it starts crashing and flicking pages sort it out! !!
It is nice to chat with  friends
I like Facebook, and this app does a great job at keeping you connected. The only problem is that after going though your News Feed and then refreshing by swiping down, sometime your likes don't save locally (although they are registered with the web version if you logged in on a computer). They only way to fix it is to log out and log back in; sometimes this gets annoying. Otherwise, though, this app is working perfectly!
After update my Facebook app is not working
It keeps closing the app on it's own after just a few minutes
This app is forcing close before it even loads...why?  What speed and reliability has been updated to this??..its slower than ever.  I mean really, why keep updating to break it down further?  Get your acts together and fix the stupid app of its VARIOUS, NUMEROUS problems.
1 star until you guys come out with an update that doesn't crash before I can even do anything on the app. Then back to 5 stars.
No1
Like it
Unable to open at all, what's going on fb??
Bad app ...don't update this..
Why does this app exist?  FB still works better from a web browser, including the ability to edit and delete your posts.
New update is good enough for me. There's a bit more lag, but it's okay now.
Nice app
When I open it can't take lode and crash. .....
It doesn't support  facility  like remove tag and always force stop
So slow...really irritating.
Leonor 12345
I think the ability to filter or sort comments somone has tagged you in is necessary,  often find myself tagged in comments and if it's a page with a lot of fans usually their comment is buried and I can't even see it let alone reply to it.  Or at least put friends comments first.  Many other improvements can be made but this is being my pet peeve.
Not gud
It stopped loading why????        PS.please fix it
it's good
Sucks. I hate it so much. You guys suck, seriously. Over 1 billion users and this is the quality? Really. So counterintuitive and stupid.
The way it comunicates
Still facing the same problem.. Please update.. It doesn't work on wifi I even checked my wifi settings no problem on that end.. Please reply.. I have complained like 10 times till now..  Please reply..
Zahid ansari
Excellent apps..
Why the hell is new Facebook update not letting me open links in my browser..  The links are being opened in the Facebook app itself whenever i click on a link.. pls fix this.. this is irritating..
I hate this...
It won't load anything for me I can't see pictures I can't post.. nothing... this sucks.
Need to improve
Need chat put in so u don't have to download it
TERRIBLE!! app closes right as soon as its opened, get this fixed asap!!
Facebook is straight dope zero complaints Keep up the good work!
Very useful
This app keeps closing after a few seconds.  Can't even get enough time to open a linked post.
It. Keeps saying confirm email every 5 minutes after i confirm it by email, ive confirmed my account by phone and it still does the same thing
Ok
Me
I would love to be able to watch old uploaded videos from my phone rather than a computer but there is no flash player compatible with my phone. Is there a way to fix this? Please please?
In update...me not remove tags....bug fix dmn sucks
Fently Suarez
Can't  update or viewing at all after reinstall couple of times?   Why???
We attach to our friend how hide after our education
Super
I uninstalled the Facebook messenger, I don't need two apps and disabled the Facebook app, it wants access to my pictures and messages etc. Privacy infringement to the max! But now Facebook won't even load in my phone's browser!
Not impressed. Was great til now, facebook app just started crashing. Hadnt even updated the app and it was doing it now updated it and its still crashing. Wtf.
MS
Good
stops working  after the new update -_-
Ss
The app does not want to work it wont load properly and when it does it crashes and freezes messages doesnt work it doesnt send notifications anymore my toolbar at the top disapears when my news feed does load its all mixed up theres almost nothing recent its all from days and hours before please fix this problem not satisfied at all with this version of the app
How it really sucks to use Facebook now because of the new update. When we say UPDATE, It should be improved. But it's not! You made it slower and inefficiently to use. I liked the first Facebook not this update. PLEASE FIX IT.
Pictures and videos don't load, everything is so much slower. Way better before the update screwed everything up. Fix it!
This update won't play the video. It plays for abt 10 secs n then it freezes. it says "cannot play video due to unknown error". Though it does play when I'm scrolling the newsfeed, however, it has no audio. Besides, several other minor bugs here n there. Plz fix it.Running it on htc sensation xe with beats audio.
It sucks
I got a smart phone so i could have these apps available to me...but since this last update i cant even open the feed! It won't load, it will say stuff that happened two days ago is recent, there was nothing wrong with it before, why was there even an update?!?! The only reason i gave this two stars was because i liked the old Facebook, either fix all these problems or go back to how it was before, or you'll loose more than a few stars on a rating
Very nice
I'm kind of annoyed that I can't change my profile or cover photo...
Ok
Facebook trapped in a Bubble
Opens crashes opens crashes. Uninstalled 3 times reinstalled, still useless. Sorry. Duno what yas did but it aint workin.
I love this app
It like instagram it just like it
The updates either made it worse or fb for mobil is just not working any more, fb it really starting to tick me off... it crashes like every 5 sec as I scroll through its not loading any of the information.  NOT GOOD AT ALL. VERY POOR APP.
Uninstalled, reinstalled and updated w/i this week. I can read posts but not "read more" or any comments without app shutting down.  Happy to read everyone else having same issues.  Not happy with this app.
Kilobek
It's useless... The newsfeeds don't come through and comments are so slow you most often click off cause it takes too long.
Good
My lovely beta
so good
It's so annoying that every actions i make it always crash even if i click a picture to view  comments or view a profile it closes..please fix
Xoxox it
Can't post pics on comments fix it
Nice
Mr Shaun
Keeps telling me session has eked n network problems. Been like this for some days. I've sent reportsn nothing. And sometimes it tells me I am not connected 2 fb n I know that's a lie.
Wiiiii
when it opens it says session expired please log in again...while it logs out my profile the app stops and crashes...the app gets fully closed...Help
Before the latest update at least you could choose between your news feed being the most popular or most recent, even if it would never stay set as most recent, but now you have no choive at all...just the most popular. Also, it would be nice to be able to easily view recently past birthdays, in case you missed any. As it stands now you have to cycle though the entire year & all your friends to see the birthdays from last week.
Fabb....
Hate it when this happens. On Galaxy Note 2
Facebook chat
its ok good
But their is a prblm it takes many time to open n some time not open n automatic close¡­¡­¡­¡­¡­¡­
Started crashing all the time awhile ago, after the recent update it now won't load at all. Works fine on my phone, but not at all on tablet.
Facebook
New update is useless!!! It wont even load up, keeps crashing and closing!!!
I can't see the videos and it crashes a lot every time I open it plus is slower than ever in my Z2
After this update this app is constantly crashing.
Thank  you fb fast and easy
I love Facebook I mean who hasent used Facebook from time to time but once I downloaded the new installation upgrade it want let me watch videos IM going to uninstall it and reinstall it hopefully it works this time...
Im having trouble loggin in to facebook i just got a code texted to me for my password and it still wont let me in facebook.it sucks!
good
It keeps crashing all the time
smooth functioning !!!
Now I always have it at my finger tips!
Worst latest update.... I have logout problem.... I do 3 or 4 times doing logout...
Very good
It's Facebook wadaya expect
I simply hate the latest update. No more privacy
Thanks
Closes constantly. I can't get anything done! FIX IT!!!!!!!
App keeps closing cant pull up notifications or messages...please fix
I don't want to see posts I saw hours ago. And the format for recent posts is awful. I want to browse recent posts and see my tabs.
^_^
Latest update crashes immediately. Hire some real programmers!
Nice
Thats becaise you people have crap phones
For notifications only. It takes so much time for loading. :O:O:O
I thought its just my phone but after reading few comments here it only means its facebook has the problen.. Please DO something!!!
This is so good
An facebook is very good
The app keeps crashing.  It freezes and keeps me from being able to complete posts or view videos.
Nice
Great
I don't want to see whats trending in my search
App wont work, shut's after 5 seconds, pics not loading. Will give you 5 stars when you fix the problems
Works beautifully!!!
Ok lsh untk pengrtahuan
Egn,
I love it ....!
how do you set news feeds to "most recent"???
Why having separate messenger? As we know facebook can stand alone on its own i can't understand why they need a separate messenger to be able to communicate with your friend,this is suck.
Now when on most recent, I cannot see my notifications.
u
Please creat very fast and develop with whats app
Doesnt work. Cant log in anymore
Everything I comment on gets posted again and again and keeps telling me that its crashed. I'm seriously annoyed.
But sometimes it has problems
sabah
Try me
After getting the last update, its keep shutting down. Being an IT Professional we always test everything in the QA before deploying it to the production. Don't you guys do the same?
Spreading words on this app os amazing and the more of Gods soldiers out there talking the better the world will be
App wont load
Cada vez que quiero ver las notificaciones se vuelve a la pantalla de inicio
This app sucks man always have to send report problems
It keeps on crashing. Can't even use it for 5 seconds. It sucks really bad.
nice app but some time got stuck
This app seems to run like #2!!  Can't click on names or other site pages, or see who else is tagged in a post, it just sits there n does nothing!!
Its not working in my phone. Galaxcy ace 2.
Bairwa
I am hapy.
Manoj kumar sethi
Like. This. App.
It takes quite some time to open,you have to download a separate app for chatting and it has stutters. It's amazing that a major company like this fail to provide fluid experience on mobile
Great app..
why do i have to go back to the top of the news feed everytime i look at various feeds individually ?  sucks
Fun
I love it.
WTF!! I already closed the app but its not closed!! Still running in background!! This is SUCKS dude!! Draining my battery faster!!
Good
Very Nice.....
Nice
Crush after the apdate.... Sucks
Desperado boy
First u make a whole new app 2 fix something that wasn't broken (messenger) and this next thing has been bothering me 4 a while now. I get so annoyed when im scrolling down my "timeline" and it forces me back 2 the top cause of a new post, now I have 2 scroll through everything just 2 find where I was. Which is just as equally frustrating cause I would expect a timeline 2 b n order. I did this thurs 11:39pm. This is the order of posts 42min ago, 11h, 38m, 1h, 27m, 5h, 11h, Wed 3:34p, wed 10:30p, 10h, 1h.
Nice. ..and good. .
Waoh! Wat a place to visit.
L
Its really good.amazing
Improved a lot now ... Increasing the rating ...
It keeps for closing won't even open app use to be great not no more....
My friendz jilly
It is so slow with the new fb version!  I have 4G and took forever to load. FB tries to load too much information causing to slow down. Please fix it! It's even slower on home computer!!  How does FB  app get 4 star when most ppl give them 1 star?
Forced Close when tapping notifications please update and fix this issue. Facebook is very important apps to me. Thanks.
Love it!!
Last update went up now will load then close straight away really annoying cause I use Facebook to stay in touch with family
After the last update I can't turn off notifications from posts I was tagged in or commented on, it's annoying! Will give 5 when this is fixed!
Faltu
Devaki chowdary 18@gmail .com
facebook
Amazing, Latest news, Fine but take much time loading.
Messages worked for a little bit then stopped. Please fix. Using friend stream until I can get it to work. Other than that good app
love it
The app NEVER stays open. It'll load and two seconds later it closes. What are you guys doing? I'm not the only one having this problem either,  apparently!
Sucks on tablet. Keep getting kicked out
The layout is great, but the news feed is poor. When I compare the app news feed with the web version the feeds don't line up and the web feed is better (more of my friends, less corporate subscription stuff).
FB has been working great for sometime now. No complaints!
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, app crashes and won't stay open. Seriously annoying.
Seems like I'm updating this freaking app every three days or so. And it NEVER actually improves in speed or anything else that the description claims. Seriously considering deleting this app. I never see positive feedback anymore.
Facebook
Keeps closing down after samsung tab system update will delete facebook and reinstalled it done all updates still crashes after its opened PLEASE FIX THIS
My Facebook crashes every 5 or 10 seconds on my Lenovo K900. Please fix it, its just so annoying
Because it closed by itself. Everytime I open it the application stopped or not responding !
The update you added today is horrible!   I can't post pictures anywhere!  Every time I try, facebook crashes!  Please fix ASAP!
Work awesome on galaxy tab 3
Right now facebook is not working properly! That last update sucked... Plz fix...
To many bugs since last update emoji icons appear like if u r online with a laptop clicking any like ten times do sent show ur likes or notified u when u hit the bk icon it throws to an older version n shows old post needs a major upgrade this sucks had a iPhone for many yrs now a note3 must fix how hard can it b stupid android samsung suckkkkks balls cant wait for my nxt upgrade tired of all these crashes all the apps suck completely suck android is garbage the minute i get im getging rid of this crap
Amazing
Rubish app
Timelines wont open at all! Wtf?!? The new update is horrible. It's just text. Nothing is in order. Messages aren't showing. Tagging is no longer possible.
Keeps crashing ... shuting off ..
Friend requests, messages and notifications are back on most recent feed. Please make the most recent feed the default.
App won't load
Bodoh takda guna
Works great like always.
Rawan
No good You suck FB!! Why is most recent by itself? I can't look at messages or do anything else
I LIke It!
Keeps crashing after 5 seconds od being dl on my galaxy tab 3
Y
Why is it always running in the background even after i hibernate it. The rest of the apps i hibernate stay hibernated but facebook always turns itself on
For the three days nothing has wanted to load on Facebook. No pics no video. You guys really need to stop updating. And do something about this. Really not satisfied. How can I like any of my friends pics or videos when nothing wooooooont load????????????? Please fix the bugs
Love it
Since this new update the news feed can no longer load!!  I constantly get upload errors!  Please fix ASAP.  I used to love this app, now it's useless!!
Shuts down on start up
Wont load no matter how many times I uninstall install. Id give 5 if problem fixed. Yes I've reset my phone. I had it before and worked well. Not now. Back to browser Fb
U can make 4 stdy hard , etc
Won't stay open. Crashes when I try to check my notifications.
Won't stay open past 5 seconds....what's going on.  Tried to reinstall but nada.
It became way much better than when I started using Android.
dhasu socal networking sit
Social communication
Please Fix it its not working good hurry..it close every time i open..I use sony xperia z and the phone is to slow when open facebook
Savadi
Thanks for your help
It has been keep crashing after entering into the apps for more than 5 seconds. Anyone encounter this as well? Pls solve them asap. Appreciate it
Edit comments option needs upload pictures feature.
Liked it
title
It's OK
Elise
Now its worst. It force closes a lot n slower than before
I like it and it is my first time
._.
Almost as good as desktop
Undercover ruler of daily lives....... What did we do without you?
Latest Update Has Created Nothing But Issues In More Than One Area.... Is It Possible To Uninstall The Latest Update??? I Am Not Impressed With This Version On My S5....
Forced close when try to attach in comments.
Comfertable
Would be a decent app if it wouldnt just randomly close as I am scrolling through my feed.
I updated this just recently, and every time I open it it crashes on me. Please fix. I love Facebook but this is not cool .
Ok seriously fix this! Fb crashes 5 seconds after I open it. I've uninstalled it and installed it and it doesn't help!
Bad update! Keeps closing while i am using and gettin notifications on unchecked notice
Liked it...
Best way to keep in touch with family and friends!  ;)
I like it
Fix it now i hate it
Rana
Superb book using id and password
Its gud but its fun using fb on ur pc!!
I like & love it

Banboo
I hate having messenger separate. I hate having to go to a separate screen to access most recent pays. And the whole thing moves much slower than the old one did.
Good
galaxy 3 tablet. Cant even use the FB app as is crashes 10 seconds after I open it. Please get it straight! Its been at least a month since ive been able to use this app
Nice app
Become more user friendly as I see. Good job. Keep it up. :-)
Keeps crashing when I open notifications tab pls fix asap
Please fix your App it keeps crashing  cant do anything on it
Don't fall for it. It is the end of all relationships and friendships!
Very bad app
Takes forever to download
Facebook disabled my account 4 having more than one :( that's not right
Tony
Its gud to connect to frnds in a second
V.nice
good.
Works fine

Its always crashes!
I LIke It!
I need upgrade. If yes! I'll give you five [5] Stars!!
Opan
Have it friends
After updating, it shuts down after a couple of seconds. I uninstalled and reinstalled and still the same. I'm seriously considering uninstalling for good.
Nurse
My contact were synched WITHOUT PERMISSION!!!!!
Friend requests dont work half the time
Best app

Starts a lot of drama
Still the best of the best
Has kept me in touch with my loved ones.
YouTube
Having problems!!  Updates make things difficult at first!!
Fun
Could you pleas fix this app it shuts down all the time well it has ben 2 weeks and still no fix ill just dleat my facebook account beacus facebook sucks and i have twitter fxxck facebook fags that cant update this app to do right
It's a great app. You can keep in touch with family and friends
Pls study & understand other OS facilities like windows & Apple did at now & earlier .......This one have always like slice changes and makes even better error on loading data...
Everytime i click to view a profile the app freezes!  It worked fine until the last update.... Fix it!!  Samsung galaxy tab 3... strange thing is that it works perfectly on my Note...
This latest update is the worst experience so far. For some strange reason,  this app shows my phone as a S3 instead of a S4... :-(
I no longer get notifications. I have the option for a ringtone and vibration selected yet I only get a notification icon. Have tried reinstalling and still nothing.
Keeps crashing after the new update! My news feed won't load, will only go down so far then go off! Was so much better before the update!
What is now with news feed? After update of the app i now miss a lot in news feed - i keep seeing feed of weeks old, but dont see new ones 
Ftp ftw fs
SRI.RAM S/o Ramshankar Bhagwan
Please improve your app. Hate it.
Seriously? Every update gets worse. Getting as bad as AOL used to be.
I like the app but since the new updates it had been a problem Cuz it's kicking me off when I scroll down and I have never had a problem till this week
Updated version is gud
<3
Log out issues!
Facebook
Addiction I wish there was no Facebook
First of all when I try to type the little face bubble will just disappear and won't even save as a draft. Second of all I can't change my cover photo. Please fix
Good app, but sense the update notifications will not make any sound to inform me.
My Facebook don't know was hacked or what....please....help me to do something.....
When my facebook updated.every i open my fb acc. And tap notification ang messages it auto quit! Fix this and i give five stars
App won't open and completely shuts down and throws me out after 5secs!! Please fix ASAP!!
Application closes after opening
GOVERNMENT'S TRAP
Turn off notification was disabled.. .why oh why!
Keeps crashing, will no longer stay open
This app does not work on the samsung galaxy tab 3. Don't even waste your time. Just use the internet version...at least it won't crash before you even get it open. Terrible app.
Can yall please fix this Facebook. It want load
What is error 403??
Tab 3 10.1 keeps crashing in under 20 seconds
u
I like the new inbuilt browser :'D ... And.. As u have made the messenger mandatory.. Why don't u do the same thing with messenger.?
Why the hell is the app freezing now?! This started last week.
I don't like this
Its really work and time saving
It is useful.
Won't load on my Galaxy S5.
With every new update d app is becomin even slower. Doesnt load d timeline n even if it does, its after an age... 2¡î from 5¡î
Galaxy S3 I have to force close the app every time after I exit.  Super annoying! Fix it!!!
I like this
Soy  muy amable
This app keeps shutting my phone off what is going on with your app fix  or you will lose a lot of people
Alex Robins
3
Keep. F ing up!
I love facebook
I love the description!!!
This app sux!!  I've had to redownload it so many times it's ridiculous!!  Hate it
Noce
Awesome.
Everything is just 'OK'...it consumes RAM and uses a lot of data...please reduce the usage of data as I'm only using mobile internet...and reduce the RAM usage too...please do something with this FB Team...I would personally appreciate your help on this matter...
After I open the app it closes for about 3 seconds. Pls fix. :-(
Trusted page
Crashes every time I touch the photo upload button. Very aggravating!
A fast way to communicate with family and friends around the world.
It will not stay up it will shut down in 5sec not good at all
I'm great
I guess it's alright
Can't open it for but only a couple secs then closes. Or it will freeze up
Good
Guys Fix this app. ASAP, the old one is better
When I try to look at a profile it crashes every time. Or try to comment on a subject.
The update version did'nt improve & Help Use For 10sec  The Problem Still Not Been Fix Yet  The Apps Will Automatic Close Itself Keeps Crashing Pls Fix Asap So Hate It..
New update won't load any pics etc. Completely useless. Hurry up and fix it. Galaxy S5.
I've had this app on several devices over many years. My most recent update has broken all useability on my galaxy tab 3. Consider that facebook survives by viewership it might be a good idea to make sure people can actually get onto the app. EDIT- 3 updates later still no fix.
Disappoint with recent update..App is getting closed in between for Nexus 5..
Very good
It crashes over the moment that i want to see a picture comment,etc.
It takes a lot if space ,and you still have to get a supporting app for your messages..
Grate
Good
It crashes in 3 seconds after i opened facebook.
I have 2 major annoyances with this app. The first one is the fact that my news feed is constantly set to most popular.  I don't give a fark what happened 3 days ago because it was popular. If I select most recent,  it should stay on most recent.  It's annoying that there's no option for a default feed. My second annoyance is the fact that after the most recent update I can't click on pictures or videos. Anytime I do, it either closes or becomes un-viewable.
Heeeeeeeeeee!
App constantly crashes on my Samsung devices.
Worse after i updated it!
Nice
Not logging out
I dont get my notifications on time
Update has slowed my phone down and my phone is constantly freezing. Why when I exit the app do I still have to go to my task manager to shut the program down?! It's driving me crazy!!
I cant download the app.
Lol.
Facebook
Won't stay open. Closed as soon as I tried to open it. Easier just to get on chrome.
Keeps crashing since the latest update. It's actually not even useable right now
It keeps crashing after 5seconds why? U need to fix this asap fb should be on point by now
Like it
Closes when trying to refresh my feed on my Galaxy s5 active PLEASE FIX SOON!!!
Dis aint installing in mah phone its downloading but not installing wtf why not cant give no star so appreciate yuh one star
Love it
Ever since the last update, the app won't close when I exit out anymore!
Constantly locks up and crashes.
It crushes every 10 seconds and its so embarassing. Not even worth it to give 1 star. Pls fix!!
Taluldar
Supercool
Where has the custom option gone? I'm trying to share a post with just 1 person and the option is gone.
Each time I scroll down on the notifications after going down a little bit it goes back to my homepage on my phone. Stupid!!
It doesn't load feeds on wifi connection..please fix it ..
Does what Facebook does
Why you up dated Facebook am having trouble with the new update it is slow an I can't get in on it did any one told you to update you cannot update without me knowing it is wrong I will uninstall it because this don't make sense why do I want that app when I having trouble bring back the old one you guys are always messing up when you guys try to update any thing the update is very bad it keep crashing stop updating when all you guys don't have a clue what you guys are doing stop
I love this app. Helps keep in touch with love ones
This app sucks and force closes like that's its job!! So annoying!!
Kicks me off the app whenever I try to do anything on it. P.S. only app that don't jump into fixing its problems asap, like others apps do.
It caaa gwaan
Won't stay open. Please fix. Thank you!
Crap won't even load
Same as everyone else,  shuts down after a few seconds.  Really annoying, it worked fine before!  I am uninstalling it until this is fixed!
Every time i post something the app force closes. Please fix please fix ..this promblem has bin going on for weeks .
The last update sucked, this is somehow worse. Comment links are broken, can't search for people.
Facebook
I'm still waiting for the day I can look at a pages photos by album and to be able to search in groups.
As others have described on gnii, photo crashing is a new feature of the latest update.
Face book
App won't open since it updated anyone know why I need help.
Needs to be able to do a lot more this is 2014 nearly 2015 come let's see other messages in this app....
The Decadence of Privacy; latest update wants even more permissions (activity log of the phone?!?) I want it out of my HTC! (no luck, though, huh? xD) Sod off!!
I cant download it..
A good app overall.  Not perfect but what's good for me will be disliked by others.  That's just the way it is.
Thanks
Apparently, I can now chat from the app again. If you keep it this way, will up the rating.
Finally working without crashing. Still a little on the slow side though.
Keeps on crashing.
Woooow
N1651846
Haaaate this app!
I open the app, begin to scroll and it closes all on its own!
bagus
I cant open my messages. .
This version is very much slow
Problematic update. And I ain't doing it, no messenger for me
Alright again
Why haven't you fixed the problem with Galaxy Tab 3. Mine is also shutting down within 2-3 seconds.
Every time I get on my app crashes. It even crashes if I try to see my own profile or notifications. Please fix!!!!!
Every time I'm in the middle of looking at posts...it jumps me all way to the top without me doing it. Oh and MAKING me install messenger I'd not going to fly!
Great
...   ...   ...
Osm
Each of the last 3 updates has been worse.  App crashed 4 times in first 30 seconds on my Galaxy tab 3 10.1 running 4.4.
Example
Won't open, since last update. Just a black screen.
Your update once again has screwed everything up. Notifications dont refresh and newsfeed wont refresh. Leave it alone. It was fine before. get it fixed and leave it alone.
Cannot even stay on the page since last update, it now exits straight out on a samsung tablet : (
Requires far too many permissions and is still slow and buggy.
Will not allow to touch on names and pull up other profiles. .. Please fix
I can chat with my family and friend
very bad it is not fast working nd not login nd log out
Facebook is the best app to socialize with other people and not just that but also find your friends who you lost contact with. Thanks for creating a wonderful app
- S4 user
This sucks....wont load half the time and dont get me started on it shutting off all the time. Dont like this app for my tablet at all. Smh...
Too picky in signup
Won't stay open, closes after 5 seconds!! Was working fine before this update
Nice
Mine is jay$$
Best app ever
Best app
Keeps shutting down. Have to close n re open. Over n over. Is it my ph or your fault?. Would hate to uninstall. Frustrated. Help.
show all
BITCHES
Facebook your app needs to be a lot faster I get a lot of lags on my phone when using facebook and also when I log into the app like my whole phone slows down please fix performance issues and make app faster and decrease some lag from the app itself thanks. Facebook your app needs to be faster
I love it awesome
Crashing on Galaxy Tab 3.
I get to talk to my friends cuz I never see them no more
It keeps on crashing everytime I open it. So I decided that I will not use it anymore
Before I downloaded the app it says it only uses 25.5 mb. After I downloaded it it jumps up to 188 mb. Why is that?
1 star until messaging is brought back.  Stupid to have 2 apps for the same thing.
Excellent
Very cool
very slow to reload the apps
Its a good thing to have cus u can get updates on people that u know.
Did an update today and now the app won't load..
Super
WON'T LOAD!
App constantly closes itself when trying to use.  NO improvement with this update.  GARBAGE.
It is very slow it never open after new update
Every update makes this worse and worse!  Now there's no "status bar" or whatever you'd want to call it above my news feed.  Just getting out of hand.  Think I'll take my pictures and go.  Not worth the hassle anymore.
Don't know how good this site is!
Bal
I loue it
12345678
Great way to keep in touch with friends and family
It loads longer than the previous one, and same problem with others, sometimes it closes it self 5 secs after i opened it.
Because we all con communicate with family and friends less than an hour less than a minute
Sehr langsam.
Closes after open for a few seconds
Ever since the update my phone wouldn't let me sync my contact with my Facebook friends..
It very handy
Same to what they complaining about.     Please fix it try not to mess  it up again Ralph.
Facebook
keeps closing
Good
Never had a problem before now but app won't even open now and crashes within seconds if it does. What a way to lose users to twitter!!
You don't need access to everything
Cant use it at all! Never loads. Using Facebook browser for everything.  Doesnt deserve a star... before the update it was fine stop messing it up!!!!
Ok report
Crashing about 5seconds after opening on my tablet. Stays up on my phone...
Social media
Remove the sponsored linked .  Dont care about them .  Bring back the notification  stop thing on post .   ..  make messenger work from fb  not from another app .
It really helped me to connect with friends and colleagues..thanks!
I like it and it is awesome to have facebook
Good
Love how links don't have to open in a browser now. Best feature update! Have a galaxy 4 and no force closing problems at all...
Nice app
I've never had a problem before but all the sudden app won't work it crashes as soon as it opens please fix asap!!!
Everytime i go to open facebook it keeps shutting down without anything coming up this needs sorting ASAP
Very very interesting
I don't know what you guys have done but this past update is horrible. It will not update when I open it. Why do you find it so necessary to update this app every other day? Each update has gotten worse. If it is not broke stop fixing it.
Great
Still Not Fixed..I'm Very Disappointed with Facebook..SMH!!
1122
So obviously everyone is having the same issue with this new update that facebook did, so why hasnt it gotten fixed? Maybe someone should take consideration in to the fact that there is unnecessary updates coming out and mandatory apps needing to be downloaded just to message someone, get things fixed and make people happy again end of story. I loke looking at my feed
y
Lov playing games keep away my stress
Lost setting to automatically default to most recent news feed, costing me several extra clicks every time I open the app.
Just started crashing every time I open it ! So anoying !!!
POOR! keeps force close when i try to view chats! Please fix it!
Its great Keep"em coming
Keeps kicking me out and can't check mail or anything please fix. I have the galaxy s4. Seriously it's been 2 days with this crappie and needs to fixed or I will be uninstalled
Gets stuck on "setting up Facebook"
Fb U cant do nothing on it cant write notes cant edit my phone galaxy s ll, no good fix it now have to use a computer to change something chat dont work
It freezes my phone.  The new update is not worth it.
Latest update is awful! Keeps seizing and won't go back to the main page without crashing!!
That worst, i also cant open my application at all.. just 3 second then force close without notice.. u have to do something.. ohh, i really miss my fb..
Good
Every f*ckin comment on your app is 90% 1 star, obviously bribes are going on here because your average is 4.0 I HATE Facebook!
A single chathead will pop out once a friend  chats you and they other chatheads wont pop out while doing multiple chats at the same time...needs update please fix..
Love it!
Keeps crashing after I open the app. New updates really suck.
Much better! Still having occasional crashes but it has GREATLY improved. I also love the way links to outside articles open and display...much "cleaner" transition. Galaxy Note 2 on Verizon.
Great app but ruined by FORCED additional 'Messenger' app download...
The links to other ppl profile are having problem opening.
Keeps crashing every 2 mins. Need to fix it asap!!
Whatever you did so the links you click on don't open up in a new internet page is so stupid! NOTHING ever loads and it is so slow! Keep things how they were!!!
This app is terrible. Keeps closing after a few seconds of being opened. Need to fix this.wont be using it at all
Stop making the stories go back to the top of page automatically when there's new posts.  Let me choose most recent post. Stop it with suggested pages, especially political ones of a party I obviously dont follow, if you are watching what pages I follow.
Th
It's fast
Cool love facebook
Causes my phone to reboot. Going to use Web app until this is fixed
Slow on 2G! And it is very slow app hv no speed n relaibilityy and also too many bugs
Y does it crash and then close everytime i open it
Face has lot of crash when I go to my notifications it shut down many times it goes off so many times
Facebook
It won't let me  open my notifications or my messages and  keeps shutting down

Can't delete comments in app.
You ruined a good thing
After reinstalling the app. It works for about 45 seconds and then crashes. Absolutely useless
Good
Your updates are useless
It crashes within 2 seconds of opening the application absolutely diabolical...
It's automatically shut down sucksssssss
The new update needs a fix. My phone is failing to load the needed too often. I thought Facebook solved this problem a few updates ago but here it goes again.
I just updated the app and now it keeps crashing after 10 seconds of loading! Please fix immediately! Thank you!!!
Will not load
Need new things tho
I love the app. It is amazing.If you don't like it your crazy
is this for real facebook?just got my NEW note 3 neo..downloades FB APP.i still have A LOOOOOOT of available memory but after i log in, check for photos after 5-10 sec ur app will tell me app had stopped working!!!!crazy!fix this issue please.i love facebook and i have a lot of transactions there. please please.if u can return it to the old app it would be much appreciated.
Epic entertainment
Won't even load.  All I get is a black screen :-(
is good
I click on a name won't go to its page now wtf..
Nice
please fix the crash problem,the update sucks
Whan I search something the app is close
We have to install messager to text.  Whatever it sucks
Its nice app on google play
Can't even check notifications it just closes!
It to the point if u can not trust Facebook.
Cant download it to my phone
Nice
Love to connect with every1 so easy !!!
Its trash now... doesn't stay open for more than 5 sec
Hahahaha
about friends
I love this app so much like yess! !
Tupperwere.
Worked fine until the latest update now crashes whenever you scroll down through the news feed...total waste of time!
It hardly open even when i update
Keeps shutting down. Can't run it :-(
Crashes constantly since the new update.  Cant scroll half a page without it going off.  Sort it please!!
Won't stay open
Crashes after a few seconds.......nuff said!!!
Who doesn't love the Facebook app?
Yea
Its fast and easy on my phone
Seriously like wtf is the story with it?? Crashes after like 3 seconds!!!!!!! FIX iT..........
What a piece of crap! Facebook can shove it where the sun don't shine!
After update when I want to photo comment then it crashes!!!!!! YOUR APP SUCKS!!!!! PLEASE FIX!!!!!!
Like
Whenever I load the page it goes to my home screen
Keeps crashing sort it out !!!!
Won't install
Sumon
Been working fine but Started crashing today on sony xperia upon opening app..! Fix please!!!
integrated browser is s**t
nice
This app must be better, it's laggy, slow and misses lots of features.
But sometimes it crash when I checked messages
Great
I like how the pictures are large but usually can't see them anyway because the app crashes constantly.
Still crushing down, the there' s problems with loading timeline and more....
Fb been force closing on galaxy tab 3. Please fix been over 2 months. Even with new update closes after 5seconds
It a good app but sometimes it slow nd takes time to open
Not loading all the pics anymore
Very disappointed. Birthday today and Facebook suddenly says it doesn't approve of my name and won't let me in. It now requires users to scan their ID to them? I think something is very wrong with Facebook today, and only hope I can get back in. I haven't changed anything so can't understand what's wrong. You guys are horrible, spoiling my birthday like this. The only people I know are through Facebook so this is a sad and lonely birthday indeed. Thanks a lot Facebook.
This new release kinda sucks!! I have been using this app for 2-3 yrs now and this release does not make it ; ( I keep getting an "error loading story or pic" while loading an update.. Please fix this problem ; (
Doesn't update news feed under good Wi-Fi. Doesn't load images/videos
New update is crap!
Same issue as everyone else.
Will not even open now! I want most recent to be the default. Also stop breaking everything I like or subscribe too into different feeds.
Crashes within 15 secs on my Galaxy Tab 3
Have done two update and it's worse now than ever FIX THE APP. Samsung  Tab 3
Every time I open the app I get relocated to the candy crush play store page, 1 out of 5, would not recommend
(Y)
Love it
Kills time
It goes off after few sec I opened the apps. I will rate the apps as poor :'(
It won't open keeps shutting down
Why this is happening? O.O It keeps crashing whenever I open it. Please FIX.
I can't install the facebook always error
1/18/14 : I can't scroll my news feed without the screen automatically jumping back to the beginning of the feed when I get new stories.  It is very frustrating.  Please put it back to where I can choose to load the new stories when I get ready, but when fb thinks I'm ready.  Thanks.                                   Update 10/30/14: Still no change with the news feed.  It's annoying.
Ok ok
Love it so much...
Ijaz Meher
Indescribable believable and credible
Selvan
rated
The timeline & News Feed do not remain current.  Also, it should keep up with a desktop, it doesn't.
Crap!
Why does the APP keep CRASHING???? ALL OF A SUDDEN
This is utterly ridiculous!! Your latest update has made the app unusable! Fix this immediately
so slow keeps crashing!
It's like lind of don't download never for this phone, it's took several minutes to download.
Annoying
Why are you forcing users to use the in-app browser for links in the new version?? The whole point of Android apps is that you can choose different apps you like better than the stock apps. I choose Facebook for Facebook. And I choose a third party browser app for web browsing because of the features it offers. Now I'm forced to use the Facebook dumbed-down featureless browser for all links I click.
Works very shity
Sux
Fabulous
Won't let me click people's names and go onto their profile, Wtf?? All other links and pictures work fine, just people's names.
The latest update causes so much crashing issue. Every time I click share or open a link or even post comments, the app just closes itself. This is not 1st time that facebook update causes crashing. I am sick of this. I use Acer tablet. I HAVE SEEN MORE 1* RATINGS FOR YOUR NEW UPDATE FACEBOOK. DO YOU THINK IT IS TJME TO DO SOME THING. YOU SUCK AND YOUR IT TEAM IS HOPELESS.
Since latest update the app randomly closes.   Can't do much of anything before it closes.   Please fix.   Galaxy tab3.
Bang on
Love it
Ok
Okay, so it's a bit better. Get rid of that suggestion crap when I share posts and do one huge thing: Change the photo-sharing from Camera Roll to let me choose photos from my folders, and I'll give it five stars.
Sort out the latest update
Big size .. I have no space in my phone so I cannot download "Facebook" :/
Ever since I did the latest update I can't see my own profile picture or cover photo...I can't see anything anyone posts on my page either. Sucks
I can get on facebook MAYBE 3 seconds, then it bumps me off!! This has been going on way too long! Unstalled it reinstalled a few times and continues to do the same thing!!  Fix this ASAP!!
Stop with the friend finder suggestions!
It's says incompatible  update on my Sony e1 kit kat
When I crop my profile picture it won't let me crop like photo edit
I hate it! I cant play videos.. it crashes everytime i tap a video...
New updates are utter rubbish!
When I go onto facebook it keeps flashing bacK to home page.  Just in seconds!!! Whats wrong with it???
Fix this bruh on tha set
Was great but since update a few days ago it's useless...now won't load and just crashes
This new version sucks. Dang pos locks up and drops back to phones homescreen.
crashes after 5 seconds since last update
With latest update I can no longer close the app as usual on my S4 without going to Active Apps and stopping it. It also doesn't refresh as smoothly as before and sometimes my posts/comments don't actually get posted.
Crashes as soon as open after update.  Rubbish
The last update makes it crash as soon as i open it
App
Still needs features like sharing to private message
Cant log out properly. Keep having to reinstall the app
Updated app ..hate the new update.  Like age old version much better. I could see the pics much better on older app now i have to tap just to view any thing ..
How do u update to beta plz this app is shockin !
Nice
App won't open.
Since last update keeps shutting its self down especially when I try click on my notifications. Please sort this asap I use this a lot
Nah bad for everyone
The new updates of this app have stopped it from working with WiFi. I am using up all my mobile data just to use it. Even then it stops loading pictures once your half way down your feed. Doesn't even deserve 1 star as I have had to start using fb in my phone web broweser instead and am not even using the app anymore!!! RUBBISH
Kicks you every two minutes. As soon as you try do something boots you out. Been like this a long time now.  Plz fix it
Before recent updates when exiting from the app it would properly close. Now it stays in memory doing god knows what and wasting battery.   Come on Facebook,  fix it please!
I cannot click on posted pictures to view them. my feed hardly ever refreshes. Please come up with another update with bug fixes. this is so annoying
But every time i log into my Facebook it makes my whole phone very unresponsive (slow) , force closes after a few minutes and still makes every other app,menu,text really slow ?? Can this be fixed ?
Won't delete search history
It's pathetic, can't even log in. Keeps cutting out. Facebook u don't even deserve 1star, sort it out.
Love this app works well and gd to keep in contact with my family
My timeline been all to pot from last update but since this new 1 tge bloody thing keep crashing. Get it sorted ASAP.
I use facebook every day because it's the only way as a single mother i can talk to my friends im completely busy 24/7 i don't have much free time the newest update has made it impossible to get a hold of most of my friends i go to open the app and it then proceeded to close it will not stay open for anything im about to stop using facebook all together
I love to organize my feed by most recent.  I actually get to read everything I want to when it happens, not days later when facebook decides to show me.  It is also annoying when scrolling theough the feed and it updates and what you are reading completely dissapears into oblivion.  If the feed refreshes keep what I am reading there.  I have even turned off feed refreah and it still refreshes...
Fix it.
Get a better phone then losers
Installed then opened several times on my tab, each time lasting 1 min before crashing. Have uninstalled.
Worst app yet!!
Very nice app.I Love it
Very fast ha haaaaaa
I love it
Slow and buggy. Eats battery and stays awake all the time. Shows as constant CPU usage in wake lock detector.
Takes forever to load. Then photos take a long time to load. Everything this app does is slow. Not sure if it's related, but posts have been disappearing from my wall lately.
Make me close to my friend
Update is terrible won't stay open long enough to even load newsfeed...fail
Good
Force closes and freezes every time app is launched! Motorola RAZR M
Crap
Baik
But i love it. I can stop whenever thank goodness. 
Suck
Its very slow it gets logd out by itself
Trying to reinstall it, it's taking forever. Almost been 5 minutes now, never used to take this long to download an app.
Haven't been able to use facebook on my phone or tablet for over a week. New update didn't do a thing to help. When is this going to be fixed???
It works great
Keeps crashing even after ive reinstalled it. Still sends my notifications but it doesnt help!!!!! It needs sorting!!!!
Why it automatic close fix the problem
getting worse. no i will NOT install 2 apps that should be in 1 app.
The stupid app is not load in on my phone
So annoyed! Won't open on my LG phone. Has been 1 week of this.
FB is fine on galaxy 4 phone,  fine on laptop but kicks off when using galaxy tab. What's the deal?
I love this app because i can text my friend all the times but it would be cool If u guys can make it work with out wifi
Permissions are too much!!
But its not working good. I use to be OK. Don't know what happened
The internet login is better than this app, thumbs down facebook
I Can't check my notifications. It crashes instantly. Fix please!
I can't get the app to stop continuously running, I have to manually clear it!
>_<
Rahul
Update? My app is constantly deleting comments while my boyfriend's app has been having regular updates. Not sure what the problem is...we have the same phone. Although we do have different carriers, I doubt that's the issue.
Homepage doesn't start at top, NO icons,  responding to Pokes works intermittently.  I wonder if I can get some of whatever it is, that these guys are smoking!
Why all the commercials
I delete the application because not working u really need to fix the bug smh
Even before I updated it the app started crashing tonight. Even after usual resets etc and updating, it still won't run. Just loads and then closes without displaying anything.
Awesome
Love it
Keeps closing
App won't load. It keeps crashing about five seconds after the app is opened. But I suppose it'll stop me using Facebook so much. Life away from the phone, here I come!
will not stay on...
Nothing works with the new updates I wouldn't even rate it based on these new updates !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ever since the new update, I can't get to my notifications on my phone. It is constantly closing me out and I have to start over and wait for Facebook to load again. Then it closes again. It's driving me crazy.
Why can't I uninstall the app entirely and just save me the space on my phone. I'm not old; I don't use Facebook.
Quit the idiocy already. We don't care how sophisticated your ranking algorithm is. Give us the most recent button back...
Sucks !! Unable to enter any friend's wall ot profile,or anything, can't press on their names
Latest version, will not open. Galaxy S4 mini
Love it
Application is too slow....
Nice app , i love it
Want the choice for" most recent" back!!! My news feed is all jacked up. Also once I delete someone I want to delete my comments from their page or have them not be there anymore but can't do that or don't have that option. Fix please.
M thankful to d developers that they have sorted out one of my queries I have mentioned previously. But when I click on a notification of somebody replying to my 'comment' in a 'liked page', m not able to c it. In order to c d notification i need to log in thru a browser. On d other hand d 'emojies' option similar to d one in 'fb messenger' has still not been provided. Hope these shortcomings will also b addressed in d next update.
Facebook
Best way of keeping in touch
Sweet
Every time i go to check my messagges or notification it stops working. You need to fix it
ilike it
Goes off for every 2 mins. This is happening after applying the recent updates.
You sucks this is the worse app ever
Lot of force closes after the latest update ...
It wouldnt download on the playstore on my phone so I got really annoyed but kept on trying to get it to download and I still can't download facebook.
It shuts down continuously. Why do an update that doesnt work.
New look and good vision
Facebook Is The Best App Ever Made. It Just Go Hard And All Y'all Hating On It Can Kiss My Ahhh 
Apple i6 best price
Its good but it keeps saying that it cant download even though I deleted all my apps
How is it even possible that FB app STILL collects data (which is taking up ALL of my phone memory) when I'm not even signed it? I clear the cache & data AT LEAST 10x a day! I sign out, clear data, 5 mins later, data is back up to like 50mb when I haven't even been on FB! This app now SUCKS! Please FIX. Oh, & I SHOULDN'T HAVE to have FB MSNGR to see my MSGS! That is BULLSHIT.
Will not stay open! Fix it!!!! It is very irritating!
Very bad in editing posts  ...no massenger no massages on Facebook app !!!????
Easy apps
I DO NOT want to view what YOU think is important to me. I want to view the most recent posts from my friends.   And why do I want to see the last comment at the bottom of a post? It's nonsense. I can click on 'comments' if I want to read them! Doh
Not working on any platforms. Over 24 hours now. No longer logs in on nexus five. Throws an unspecified error message.
Its GOOD
Fast and elaborate
O pehn k tako yeh kia bnaya hay tm logo ne,.!? Aur in google walo ki ma ko lund maru gandu k bache harami sale
Like texting my friends on it
Great way to stay in touch
Keeps shutting itself down
Not even faster, but worst..
Recently I've been experiencing the app exiting itself even on the messenger. Usually it doesn't of that. Need to fix for sure. Can't message people.
Keeps closing when trying to navigate.
Everything worked fine until the last update...now Facebook on my LG Tablet (android) is worthless...constant message "unable to update, try again". No reason to...it will not! Works fine on my iPhone 5. I just wish these idiots would just leave things alone when they are working just fine.
I did enjoy this app but with the recent updates needing messenger to access the messages its not been very useful
Won't stay open after opening
Goood...
I have downloaded the app a total of 5 times on my galaxy tab 3 and it will not stay open. Its pretty sad when i prefer to use my smartphone fb app over my tablet.
Great app.  . .
Good
Even after clearing cash, deleting data, uninstall and reinstall, still nothing works, fb will not load.
I can't even get on fb, it just doesn't respond anymore. Every time you try an make it better it just gets worse, I think I'm going to just uninstall an not bother anymore.
Fix it because it is broken...
Application is too slow for browsing.
Your putting too much garbage on this app that causes simple functions like viewing comments not to work. Also I wouId like to see my feed in chronilogical order, not what you think I want to see. Finally you really should return messaging in regular Facebook instead of your messenger application which requires access to way too much information that you do need access to.
Whenever i clicked on the nortification icon the app is shutting down automatically.
Good
It works well
Actualice y ahora se cierra a cada rato, arreglen eso por favor.
Facebook is good for mobile, but is too slowwwwwwwww... and slow is a big problem ! ! !
Love facbook
Friends
Love it
Like
S4
Very nice
Keeps exiting me out. When I try to make a message and when I comment on something.
Face my book ...
Nice.  Now we can know what people are doing completely without their knowledge.  Thanks.
Like this Facebook my hero
L
Updated my Facebook app now I'm mot Albee to view pictures or videos.
Rates
It needs to be..... Current chat room/page on which we chatting yet...it is its main fault.....its need to update this feature..... Just
Video playing features are bad...it doesn't play the videos in a single touch as I have to replay it to watch the video.
Since the end of October update, the app has been closing down constantly. I've had to switch to using facebook on google chrome browser.
How is it even possible that FB app STILL collects data (which is taking up ALL of my phone memory) when I'm not even signed it? I clear the cache & data AT LEAST 10x a day! I sign out, clear data, 5 mins later, data is back up to like 50mb when I haven't even been on FB! This app now SUCKS! Please FIX.
Won't stay open. Sell Your shares! Very poorly run.
I liked
Thanks
I like
Good
Great!
I give 5 Stare
But I as many others are not comfortable with that .
something went wrong. I cant open it  help plz i cant open it
Install
Facebook keeps closing itself on my samsung galaxy tab three. Please fix the bugs.
Really Its Bad Update When We Start Facebook Then Automatic Cresh Apss And Facebook Off oppps Bad Update
Less talking more chatting
The new updates suck, Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, will not stay open for longer than 5 seconds, freezes then goes off, was fine before the update, please can we have this fixed
Takes forever to load or won't update new feeds. Used to work fine before the latest updates.
I jxt love it
Wtf happened to turn off notifications per post?
Instant crash after several 'uninstall'/'reinstall' tries to stop the crashing. Facebook, Samsung, anybody, fix this problem PLEASE !!!!
Terrivelmente ruim. Agora o facebook tem um navegador embutido no aplicativo que, al¨¦m de lento, me impossibilita de ver o link o qual estou acessando. Pior aplicativo que tenho instalado no meu celular.
Latest updates make Facebook terrible. I hate Facebook.    It stinks and does not work like they said. It's a peace of crap.   Worthless app.   I still hate.   Nothing has improved.    It's still a piece of worthless crap.
face book gone I need to get back in
Facebook is my Life .....I Love it

Better Than twitter
Had to delete it keeps synching with my contacts even though I click dont synch ... it forces close and freezes at least 3 times a day ... and ffs stop forcing me to download messenger if I dont want it ..... fb has gone downhill this last year .... im off to try Ello
It keeps crashing literally every time I go to my messages & notifications. Why? I shouldn't have updated the app yesterday,  omfg... -_- .-.
I like this app
Get togather social network
always hanging
3d update...
I have a note 3 and suddenly, my Facebook widget was unresponsive so I tried removing to re-added but is still unresponsive. Am I the only one experiencing this? Oh, and it freezes, great update!NOT
force close after few seconds... please fix it
Wont let me post or upload pics come on two days later to find it made all the posts without the pictures after telling me it couldn't fix your crap FB!
Sosal
I like this app
App keeps closing as soon as I open it. They always have to find a way to disappoint...
Seems to be a recent bug where if i click on a name or page title it doesn't open it. It registers that I have touched it however.
Kindly check and test properly before make it public. The application automatically shutdown. Do the needful ASAP.
Love it on android .
It eats too much space n phone
SSCURITY: Technical Difficulties: I had Facebook for years. Lately it has been either Impossible or a hassle to Log in. Hoping now I will Begin to Enjoy it Again.
So many problems
Takkan berpaling dr mu
Im tryna figure out why every time i stroll threw my news feed and click on ah pic i have to log out to get back on my news feed....fb is getn ridiculous im sick of it
Fantastic book
Gokil
Theres not much point having facebook if it crashes whenever you use it. Sort it out please
NICE APP IT IS
Boo
nice
So now it's saying unless I put my proper name I can't access it? Are names really a bother to you? I would believe my first name would be enough. Pretty stupid if you'd ask me
It takes too much time.. :(
Ur new update sucks!!!
Its go off every max 5 seconds , help me please.
The app stays open after foing out of it. And the news feed is horrible.
Application is crashing everytime on opening notifications in my Moto X after the most recent update.
The Facebook browser needs to go.
Such I Can't  get in I hate this app
I can no longer click on friends names and go to their page.
Too many updates make it slower than before.
This app sucks. Not working properly. Really annoying!!
Nice photo
I can't play v¨ªdeo. Every time I want to watch a v¨ªdeo Have lot of crash. And 5 minutes to load the News Feed !!!
Now I remember why I stopped using this its a p.o.s won't ecen download f u c k fackbook
I can not load my news feed and exiting the beta test did not help
My news feed no longer updates. I have to uninstall the app then reinstall it for updates. Annoying. Mostly use my ipod now.
nice app itz faster en enjoyable gud  job keep it up.
Verry bore mobile faltu mobile mic a068
Awesome
Arrrgggg! This friggin facebook app is irritating! While I'm scrolling through me news feed and reading statuses and articles, it resets to the top again and again. I can't get it to stop doing it. I just want to read my news feed. Is that too much to ask?!?!
every time I try to add a photo is exits out of the app, I thought it was my phone so I restarted it twice and it still happens
Maybe you don't understand English? Maak net die fokken app reg! Julle gaan baie verloor. I hope you can understand some Afr words!
Nice
Mst
I lv it
App doesnt close with backing out so I have to force close if not it kills my battery.
This time update was good but u have forces us to install massager
Free call
How idiot app its not working my fd
Seriously ? Why does it force closes ? Fix this . Its irritating -_-
I keep trying to add pics to my business page and it will not allow me to scroll down through them all. It gets half way through and drops my gallery! I am not happy about this!
Too many ways of using positively or negatively but in short u have frnds only on Fb but in real u r going to be alone day by day
Very nice
Its not working
We do not properly logout!
Nicee ji like Facebook but I want to add strong privacy that  no unknown person req me our msg me!!!
I love that now when I open links its within the app and I don't have to go back to the beginning of my feed when I'm done. I hate how, still,  nothing's in order; I read a couple new posts then there is something from the day before, sometimes even multiple days before. Also hate when I'm in the middle of reading a post & the whole thing shifts because "there are new posts."
It wont load the news feed at all!!! This sucks! And needs to be fixed!
U cant post comments n smilies together...
Now i am unable to stop getting  notifications  from comments  i post in groups. The little arrow is not in the upper right hand corner of the post.
Good as well abit dangerous someones can read us risk they can read anybodyelse
Hate the messenger app
Stay close to family and friends.
Facebook cannot update app. After receiving current application updates on Sony Experia E1 Android phone my Facebook app. disappeared. Now I cannot reinstall app. as I keep getting message: Error: incompatible update with phone! Having to go the long way round now and Google Facebook to get on to it! Shocking!!
Good job but a lot of bugs
I Love it...4ever..

Have removed a number of times and reinstalled to no avail. Crashes as soon as u touch it. Trash.
Good
..bad
I like it but I still think that google+ looks and works better
Hajikhannasiri nasiri
Thk
Good
Doesn't even deserve one star it crashes every 4 seconds the new update is so annoying.
Sucks!!!! Wont even open
There was a new update today. And now the app will NOT open on my LG phone. It was working just fine BEFORE the update. This needs to be fixed IMMEDIATELY.
The app keeps shutting off when i go on it. You guys need to fix it
cool like it dudes
App doesn't stay open long enough to do anything!!
I LOVE FACEBOOK
Really slow, no update, don't bother.
You need to make it where you can post pics in comments like you can from a computer.
I download this app it not open..
I have no flicking clue I can't even see any news feed videos and pictures are invisible.  Facebook app annoying me since last few weeks.
Its too much slow f**king apps
Nice
Bt i like earlier versions.......
Not all of my pictures and notifications download on my Sansung Note...they do on my Kindle but not on my phone.
Great
Facebook
Was fine until latest update ,now won't even open
All these updates and the app is still falling short. It's slow, it crashes, it freezes and sometimes the only alternative is to switch my phone off... Come on guys sort it out please!
Niccc
They need to fix it new update sucks
Worst experience ever :( Nothing loads. . No profile pics, No pics on my timeline even my own Profile won't load
Slow
Satya rajbanshi
constantly freezes and closes out. Most often I have to restart phone to unjam my phone.. WTF plz fix it
I love facebook
Ever since the update, the app has been slower than ever. I can't even open the app without it crashing anymore. Its pretty annoying.

Was on fb when it updated n now it removed itself from My phone n now won't allow me to download... bullshit
Cant login
Accidentally upgraded, do not like the new permissions. Also it changes my status update audience from my default setting every time.
Ok
Keeps shutting down
Eats 40-100MB of my system on average. Worst usage of the apps on my phone.
First tym ..I'm trying guys
Good
Like this app!
Really fast and fluid format that makes keeping up with your news feed simple. Although it takes up way too much space.
Happy
Very like
Why so many updates?
Good
Just updated and it will not stay open on my galaxy!!!!!
Drops out when i access notifications!  Grrrh!
Juan
The last update says when you click on a link to a website it opens the page in some type of Facebook browser. It claims to be faster...bullshit! Also, when you're scrolling through your feed it automatically refreshes to your newest stories. Unfortunately, I was still reading older posts. App sucks donkey balls now.
not bad...
1344
I like Facebook but I don't like the Timeline it is to confusing to me. I like the old way because it was easy to find people and write what you wanna say.
Good
Bug plz fix it.have galaxy s5 when i taped notification n message app close please fix it soon :(
5"9 145
Itz nt dwnlodng...aftr it get 100% it shws error "24"
level up
I guess
Not so good as I expected
Qaisar
My FB App works great on my Galaxy S4, maybe all the bad reviews are issues with the users phone...  or provider... Idk but I'm happy!!!
Facebook
Hsider12345
Please fix!
Good
For some reason i cant unfollow group posts now so massive group ones keep flashing my update box constantly! 
Very nice options
I'm sick of these "updates" breaking the app every single time. So done with FB anyway.
I spent my time with entertain
Since update pictures aren't loading.
Everytime i do anything like comment on a picture or try to go to a friends page it closes the app on me please fix! Galaxy tab 3. Updated app still crashes
Life's what you make it :-)
World is in fingure tip via facebook...
Gediya ronak
Family
Its good,,,
I think not, sadly. With each update I hope for improvement only to be disappointed. App closes randomly, hard to browse because it closes or doesn't respond. :(
y i cant download this app
Good
Itxhvb
pure fu#### up.. :#
Sweet
All it do is to open and close, open and close, open and close, open and close. Thats all it can do.
Best conect in sweet life for peaple
Super  software.
Slower!!!!
It's more easy than old
Great app..I luv it
Bas je pree
I like it
Hepy
Cool
Before the last update, backing out would close fb, now I back out, then have to close fb manually. Why change it?
Nice
I dont like facebook !
How about you guys actually work on adding features that people want? I mean you own web browser now? You've got to be kidding me. It doesn't even work right. It says "Links open faster in facebooks browser". Simply isn't true. Scrap this crap and start over from scratch. No one likes this bloated, resource hogging, ad filled, targeted new stories.. garbage of an app.
Supper
This app make me busy all the day. Enemy of my wife. Plz add status copy feature like twitter already have
It keeps force closing
If I click on a link, have it open in Chrome. Not your s**t proprietary window. Still slow, clunky.
This app sucks now sense the last update its not even fast is so slow and it haves to much space uninstalling this sh*t
After the most recent update it won't close anymore when I hit the android back arrow and the screen disappears. The running apps widget shows it still running and eating up CPU cycles. Drains my battery when I don't kill it. Please make it close again. Starting to migrate to Google Plus.
Nice
The best.
It worked for a day, now every time I click a link, the new built in browser opens but nothing loads. Have to click open with a different browser to load the link. Please fix.
After the new update i can't even load news feed
Well going on 3rd day with Facebook crashing everytime I try to view my activities or ppl I may know and that messanger we had to download separate is still crap!! .. eating data and cpu space like crazy... so tired of Facebook please someone come up with something better so we can ditch Facebook like we did MySpace years ago... this app is crap now u keep FIXING  crap that IS NOT BROKEN!! So wish I could give 0 stars cus that's what it deserves lately
Hana tesefalem hana tesefalem
Exlent features
Fantastic
Keeps crashing my home screen and app closes when open messages and notifications
Nice update
its okay I hardly even use Facebook on my phone
I'm using this app continously but it keeps shuting down instantly 5 star rating if this issue is fixed
Greatest
What r u doing mark zuckerburg.
Kicked me out for not using real name that sucks
i dont send friend requests on my face book ... but my notification ...like this - Michael Leah accept your friend request !!!! So confusing please fix that and the other news and message is not showing ... i really like this app please keep this app like before more power to your team :)
Not latest one
Many things not working
Just plain terrible
Cada actualizaci¨®n peor que la enterior, el aspecto de la ¨²ltima actualizaci¨®n es horrible.
try it
Never opens the first time; once open, pages freeze waiting for things to load; plenty of storage space. App updates are supposed to, improve app!
Excellent
It's nice.
Only use Facebook to keep in contact with friends out of state. I refuse to install the messenger app just to send private messages, it's  ridiculous!
I only want to be alerted for new messages, but Im getting alerted on everything from wall post to comments. I turn everything off except messages.  Have to have message alert on facebook app to get messenger alert. So Im out of ideas..
best
Facebook app , good, but We dont need messenger app, it drains my battery, and consume RAM memory
If you load more comments you have to scroll up everytime!! No quick change to recent stories anymore. Links to facebook content dont open with the app (like twitter). Cannot expand notifications. No Multitasking support. Many areas aren't native implemented (webcontent). Edit photo description, buggy select all/cut/copy/paste dialog: disappear instantly.
So fraustrating
Khoye hue dosto ko milana or apni think ko apne fend me saath share  krna
Won't stay open on my galaxy 3 tab. Works fine on my galaxy 4 mini though. Please fix for tablet use.
Is okay just... It consumes lottof time .-. Slowest app ever used
The app keeps shutting down automatically after 5 seconds.  Im going to uninstall permanently
good social
It is cool
Subscribe
Super
Great
Lovin it               but should do more updates
We
Became too much law in speed.... just no words... extreamly law speed. .. fb please don't give these type of updates....... uninstalling....
Its good
New update is running very slow and lagging
Not bad
New update is very bad it goes off after 5 seconds I opened the app !
Hi
My friends have it and I won't it cause looking at it I really won't it
Thanks
My facebook application is not even opening, when I touch that icon it just flashes and then nothing happens
Very much interesting
Very slow.
Oflate
the new update has made it so so much worse,pliz revert it bck,itz really irritating
Mmmmmuuuuuaaaaahhhhh
Nice
Best
Why do I need another app for messaging that takes up more memory and uses more battery??? Update. Video and photo not loading. Just a white blank space. I'd give ZERO stars if I could. Use the web version, it's 100% better.
Nyc
Why download an app that doesnt work when the mobile site doesnt force close and act retarded
:*)
Love the games but not ppl's drama lol, and everytime fb turns around they always changing it,once ppl get use to the 1fb app then fb turns right around and changes everything. NOT GOOD!!!!!!!!!!
The upgrades just keep getting worse. It has become incredibly slow. The app does not stay open and keeps shutting down automatically.
Please minimize the use of memory in background.. this takes much RAM from my device :(
All this app does is crash! Click on profile crash! Go to comment crash!!! Right now this app is major junk!!
moderately neato
pooja gangan
It's Facebook. The amount of things needed to stop it data-mining is phenomenal, but it's useful for keeping in touch so I dance with the devil :)
Good
Thank you...
Facebook sucks
Good
Ficebook
I love this version very much

Wonder full use for me
The fb app won't sync with my contacts in my phone very frustrating!
ok
Level hai boss
Excellent
A fab app
Frnds n public chatting wid all.
Nice really
No matter how many times I uninstall or manufacture rest my phone it won't let me post pictures or videos and won't load pictures or videos and doesn't keep my newsfeed updated. This is bull s#*#!
Thank you for crating this app! I love it
Bt plz do somthing for videos downloading... plzz update dis system
Aks
Okkk okkk
Good
Good
App don't stay open. Update made it worse
It won't even stay on for 3 seconds. It shuts off. I have a samsung galaxy tab 3. You need to fix it!!!!!!
Your update made it like a snail !!! My phone stops everytime i open this app. You never really update aren't ya
hmmm
Rudani
It shuts down after about 1 minute. Grrr.
After the last update, cannot log in. FB messenger can log in but can nvr let you log off. Yahoo Messenger or MSN Messenger allows users to log off. Failed apps.  For now, Using most n reliable way just IE or Firefox n etc least if wouldnt prompt n insist you to download a useless messenger just to read message. If we dont dl fb messenger it refuse you to read your private message.  Not friendly user at all.  sucks
Can't copy text
App is slow even when using WiFi. Much of bugs. News feed algorithm should be improved. We need recent feeds
Jis ke sir upar tu swami so dhukh kesa pawe
I liked Facebook more when it was Simpler. Unlike now. It sucks. Do you even read our comments here
Takes too much cpu and overheats phone + takes too much space
Every time i open the app it saying Setting up Facebook i have to wait 2 min to open it ps: thank for the fix 5 stars
Nice
Good
Worst
Fazul ha bhaiyo
Do you like chili cheese fries?
This latest version is buggy. Doesn't load posts made to page. Error loading stories, touch to retry
Be nice if posts went back to recent and the feed didnt update in the middle of scrolling.  Its becoming essentially unusable
Crashes a lot please fix.
I can never look at even half the stuff on my timeline because it constantly refresh the page and takes it back to the top. Clicked button for it to refresh NEVER but doesn't work and now to read comments, it opens in new window. Have to go to PC to see what I have missed which defeats the purpose of having this app on my tablet. Fix this plz.  Changed my ratings. Didn't think it could be worst but it is, looking at news feed is a joke. Can't finish reading a article before it scrolls back to top. FIX THIS!
Make it just like the mobile website and everyone will be happy
Aziz
Me uninstall already . Cant open.bye
But I'm facing a problem with this app... I'm unable to send stickers in comments...
After updated I can't even tap on a person name and go to their profile, fix it please
It wont stay open in my samsung galaxy tab 3
easy to start,operate and news feed instant.easy to view those online and hid own profile.
Thanks for fixing the issue
When I click on someone's name, it doesn't take me to them. NEVER had this problem before. Samsung Galaxy S5
Recent update didn't allow the app to stay open, Such a big app and such a big shame.
Thanks :-)
Kb
Con cada actualizaci¨®n es peor ya me estoy empezando a cansar de facebook y terminare desinstalado esta basura lenta pesada y las actualizaciones ni hablar
Takes a long time to load and has minor issues. Could be better and discontinue messenger please!
It just keeps crashing anytime I click on the notification section
Completely useless , and the worst part is Facebook messenger . U better bring the chat option back otherwise I'm gonna delete it ND stop using facebook until u don't make any changes :/
Rageeb
Takes up to much space
Galaxy tab 3. Facebook closes out as soon as everything loads fix now before i brake mine please
Its getting worse day by day.... Every time i try to open it, it turns off automatically.... Can't even see my timeline.... Didn't except so poor quality....
please fix this . everytime i post a status it closed itself . waste of my time to re.install again
The app close it self . please fix it emidiatly.
The app is not loading photos once if they were failed loading due to internet.
70011559
Excllnt app
Can't even load. Hate the need for the extra messaging app. Facebook is really sucking at keeping me in touch. Miss the way it once was. Why does Facebook choose what you see on your news feed, I would like to make that choice for myself. Do you actually test first before releasing these "better" updates?
Excellent platform to keep in touch with family and friends but now a days risk is increasing because Anyone can create account with Any name and with Anybody's picture. You will never know whether it's genuine or fake
Superb
Exits app on samsung tablet whenever you do something.
Whatever you guys did to this fb app sucks cause always freezes up now and closes. Defiantly every time I click on to notifications. Very disappointed!!!!
force close when you choose "most recent"
Terrible, terrible, terrible. DONT deserve the 1* I gave but it's the only way to leave feedback. Think you should call Bob the Builder to fix your app guys.
Everything is wrong with this app u can't upload pictures without crop, u can't refresh the page once u connect to WiFi I can go on and on ... It just a mess please fix it
Good
Stupid

Bagus, cepat, dan stabil
This update sucks .. can't click on nothing .. have to do search to go to ppl profile .. does not turn off notifications from posts .. why in the devil does it go to browser when spammy links open .. figure out another way to use my data .. fix this mess ..
This is the coolest social media! It works fine to my Samsung GTN8000 and S5.
App won't refresh like it is suppose to
The recent update locked me out of my account, surely you've checked the updates before releasing.
Useless

King of social
I like it
Facebook is easier to communicate with friends

I like it
done
I loved it
Please update for S5 Active, very annoying.
Life
When I receive a notification, it doesn't lead me to the specific reply. I need to scroll it and look at the previous comment to find it. Not a good sign. Please fix. :)

I like it
It is good but the only priblem is that itz not showing the people who are online please fix this really
Facebook
I dont even get notifications at all anymore. My phone doesn't go off for anything on Facebook anymore. Also , the new update said it would notify my when someone likes something of mine but it has yet to do so. Fix this issue now ! I don't know what is wrong but it needs to be resolved !
Great app
Please bring this option, so that we may edit our comments. Also bring the reply feature later.
Kumar
Foreclose on it's on.that's really annoying. .urgent fix.
Mbathaunathi
Facebook closes down automatically.... Its irritating.... Kindly fix it fast.... New update is bad
Finest
Why does it goes out, when you open it. Please fix it
Just updated and my god jerky or what!!!! Ive reset my phone thinking it was my phone suprise suprise it not! It gets worse this app!
Thanks
since the update yesterday EVERY TIME I open the app, it opens me to an old notification rather than my news feed ..sooo annoying! PLEASE FIX ASAP! thanks
Its job nice over d entire world
Oda hee
Oh yeah I'm good luck for
Getting fast
Sanjay

Facebook feed is not loading 8/10 times it is really starting to irritate me! Please fix! I have a LG G2.
Drains my battery, takes up too much space and I should not have to download a separate application just to view messages. The new update has taken away the feature to unfollow posts from the drop down arrow inside the post. You have to scroll to find the post then unfollow. I'm also getting ghost notifications and can't see all comments. I don't like it at all!
Some times it gets hang :-\ n become irritating
The latest update sucks!! Every time need to go task manager to end it. NONSENSE!!!
Shuts down all the time since last update
wow amazing...
Bla bla
I just like it
Nice application
SUPER
Not responding Facebook -_-
Nice
You are trying to make us install the worthless Facebook messenger app, which eats up extra RAM and battery. I do not understand why you plan on removing the built-in Facebook messenger in the Facebook app.
After the update and changing my password it keeps on asking to confirm with a code...When I try to enter the code in the dialogue box neither my cursor nor my keyboard pops up....I can't log in now on the actual application unless using the browser. That sucks
Its good
Very nice good
I have Samsung galaxy s4. Previously when I closed Facebook it wasn't running in the background.  But either with the last update or the one before it's not doing that. Each time I close Facebook, I then have to go to my active applications and close this app again so it won't drain up my battery.  Please fix it.
The last update ruined its user interface. Now it looks like a shitty old mobile site version of facebook. Don't update. Please.
Good
I like this
Facebook is the best apps
I can only see 3 most recent new feed posts. Then the app closes.
Nice
Very super
Nice and super
Nice
Nice I mean super
material design please!
Not but.. but it must be better
Freezes and crashes ever time won't open any thing since the update
Loved it
Awesome app
Ghhcgj
Slow unresponsive won't load latest notifications getting stuff from 5 hours ago and news feeds is all messed up I want the latest not stuff iv seen yesterday or 3 or 4 days ago. Keeps going back to main screen this is the worst update yet! Sony xperia M2
Its legend
INDIA
Mostafa
Shut down when I scroll after 10 seconds  Galaxy Tab 3 10.1
Nice
Used the same email since 2009. Messages states that email don't exist
the new update facebook is worst! i cant see my newsfeed! pls fix it..
MOST RECENT...
Dimag ki dahi facebook
Even the basic desktop website lets you message people. Now I have to find a third party product that has in-app messaging.
My pages r just flipping what the word is going on not feeling it
Great love it hay do
N
Only because of the games
Platform is terrible. Too much personal  information required
My Samsung Grand  time to time shows  'Facebook is not responding'. ..after every half an hour and hungs phone for sometimes .I have uninstalled and installed app with updates but no relief ..what to do....
Updated, then wouldn't stay open, samsung galaxy 3.... does nit compute.  Am uninstalling these crappy appy!
Since the update, you can't tap on & zoom in on pictures. Which also makes them difficult to save. This worked fine before! Why was it changed?
puratai gharao.I hated it.
Okay
What a piece of crap!
Worst update not even loading
§¡§Ò§ã§à§Ý§ð§ä§Ö§ß §ê§Ú§ä, §Ñ§Ü§à §ã§Ý§Ö§Õ§Ó§Ñ§ë§Ú§ñ §ì§á§Õ§Ö§Û§ä §ß§Ö §à§á§â§Ñ§Ó§Ú §ß§Ö§ë§Ñ§ä§Ñ §ë§Ö §Ô§à §Þ§Ñ§ç§ß§Ñ §Ú§Ù§à§Ò§ë§à.
Face
Ansari
We know how imp fb in this gen..... so keep calm and DoWnLoad
Hi
wow nice
When i open timeline of anyone then it says error loading timeline. When i try to search then it keep on blinking & wont allow me to type also
Not working wont stay open please fix it im miss my grandsons birthday
Eats so much space in phone memory and eats more battery. Please fix. Data reduce system needed. Thanks.
Asif
I love facebook...krn bisa update status , sekaligus bisa kontex ma temen banyak...bisa bercada bareng ma temen.jd bisa sedikit mengobati lelah krn kerja seharian.
Force closes every time..
Great
Facebook
Awesome
I can't keep the apps open and it automatically shut down. please do something about it..
Not good this time
Stable fast and with browser like the ios version!
Facebook have problems
... .. . Update
I don't like Facebook privacy policies. APPLICATION UNINSTALLED.
Ds
Gerkhemit
Been reporting the freezing and crashing for weeks now and still doing it and now its not even letting me get past 4 status on my timeline before crashing. FIX IT!!
I love it lol
By which I mean 'still pretty terrible' but what alternative do you have?
Thanks to all my friends
Love it
Ever since my Samsung Galaxy Tablet 3 was updated the Facebook app shuts down randomly.  Won't stay up more than about 30 seconds. Have uninstalled and reinstalled it several times. Not having this problem with my Samsung phone. Lets get this fixed. Messenger doesn't work either.         LATEST UPDATE AND IS WORST THAN EVER. WONT EVEN STAY OPEN NOW. SHUTS DOWN 5 SEC AFTER OPENING EVERY TIME.
Works like a charm on my tab and looks really sleek too :-)
good
For some reason with the new update favebook will not load pictures on my note 3 i will change rating when issue fixed
Keep in touch!
Facebook gets stuck while scrolling down the home page because of videos trying to buffer I think this should not happened I bought this new phone yesterday fix your app please im not happy
This facebook is getting worse...i can't log in anytime i want.
Great app,  even meeting people I've never met in real life.
8989
This is the best way to catch up with friends and find new ones. Its fun and easy and Free!
Fb
Nice
Keeps closing when used on my Samsung Galaxy Tab3... even Samsung's recent update to kitkat failed to fix this.  Todays facebook app update failed to fix this.  I did a factory reset, and let Google update all the apps, then installed Facebook and Facebook message. ... still closes when using Facebook.    Still closes soon after authentication. Still closes with this version
I just downloaded this app on my Samsung galaxy tab 3 and it won't even stay open, it goes off after about 5 seconds. Your new update is really sucky guys.
Needs more improvement
Good
App keeps logging out every time I try to look at my notifications, I will definitely uninstall permanently unless this is sorted out !!
It is good app
It's wasting my time to go to fb messanger to read message. Why are you forcing me. Memory usage too big & still can't save on sd card. Please fix it.
Very nice apps
On my last phone from Facebook, but it was the best way to get my contacts
Its a good app
Now.
Nice
Its fircefully shut down when i open notification bar give you half star
Love fb
Worse than before as keeps shutting down! Not user friendly at all. Please fix ASAP!!
A.nice apps..
Good
The app will not stay open on my phone since the update. I click on the notifications and it closes. Please fix it!
Me
Facebook
..plz fix force closed
You keep it updating , now its worse than before
Why keep fixing things thats not broken... You wouldnt listen to people cause you know no one can unsubscribe to facebook services huh... I have an idea lets boikot this fuckin facebook
Lifebook
i cannot download
This dont stay open. It even closes before open. I hate this new program
Huhuhuvi
bronco
i tink  including unlike option also in fb itz bttr...
Yes
Updates each day... wtf....didn't like it at all!!!
So glad to read other reviews and realise it is not just me. Infuriating that on the odd occasion the app does actually open, it crashes almost immediately.  Please read these reviews and address the issues.
Ruchi
FIX IT!!
App crash many time .not wrk proprly
Unfortunately my facebook is always stopped
Naharkatia Jugen tanti
A portable app to fb user which uses less space n data to  open n operate.....
Excellent
Yeah
Good
Im a long time FB user so im definitely a fan of this app however I do agree with the others. IDK has changed since messaging was made into a separate app IS JUST NOT WORKING.  There are major glitches.  This app is constantly "not responding" and it shuts down. It also doesnt keep me logged in, as it used to. It seems it might be better to use fb through my web browser since its much more reliable?
New update has the app continuously shutting down. Pls fix it. Life w/out FB is boring. Thx!
All good now .
Loved it
Aweson
Keeps hanging, keeps logging me out, takes a long time to load. Very frustrating
I love using it
POS crashes even more now after update. App keeps crashing on my Galaxy Tab 3. Fix it please!
I like this app it can post,picture,and see the news feed
can you  guys fix this thing!!! it just  closes  when you open
When is everybody gonna realize its not the apps that are flawed
Ever since the latests updates this month I cant check my news feed properly cuz once in a while it jumps for no reason at all from the post Im cheking to the new ones. Or while scrolling suddenly jumps to the top again. Its getting annoying.
Its good
Slowing down my entire device
The link is so quick to respond
No friends  request sent if sent Facebook was not working says open this account on browser
well
I thought I would read the reviews before I update. I can't believe how many negative reviews here. I've read through lots and only seen two 5 star. Disappointed with Facebook. I'm not updating until fixes are made, what's the point if its not working properly.
(*_*)
They are trying to figure out what happened on your errors
Good aap
why is every update really a downgrade? when it does load it slower than crap if it loads.
Loved to use it...
Awesome
Can't search my friends list. Can't view profiles. :( worked so well before all the updates started. Will change rating upon bug fixes.
Where is my option to opt out of notifications
This app is always shutting down what is happenning ??? I cant see a page or profile cos it freezes and shuts down
The only thing I would suggest is eliminating the annoying blue button at the top of the news feed.
It was fine until I updated it. Now it crashes after a few seconds, can't do anything on it!
Thakor
rony nagar this is app wondarfull apps
This is a free app and works GREAT on my phone. Maybe you need a new phone or maybe you just expect too much of a FREE app.
It won't open! Fix it!
Luv it
Consuming too much memory
And why can't I find my videos on mobile???
CCC cf

Show room salsman karnataka
More edit
But When i go to my messages or notifications it shuts off.
Hi
The title says it all. Keeps force closing. This app is junk and every update makes it worse. Will not stay open at all.
You only get one star. Can't even upload one siglngle post with a photo. One single post its so annoying and now I can't look at anything anymore ether fixit
I love it!
7697036332
I haven't even tried to open the app yet, but while updating I got the error message "Facebook isn't responding". WOW !!! I probably won't be able to even get the app to open if updating is causing issues.   I think you need to go back to the way it was about 10 updates ago. Every updates makes it worse.
It does nothin but force close since tha up date!!!!
Trash
Can be better
I can watch any videos on facebook after this app
Boom
Its slow but loveable
rony nagar
Why the hell does the news feed keep automatically going back to the top when I don't bloody want it too! I wanted to look at things from 8 hours ago not now!
some how its good
Up until yesterday would have had 5 stars as I've hardly had sny problems with my FB app ever. But yesterday it started force closing when I clicked on photos mostly or my notifications.  I updated thinking the problem would fix itself...NoPE...pleaaevfix bugs!!!!!
Eka msrto
The new update critically damaged the loading speed and smoothness
Playing these games helps take my mind off the pain
....
No messenger -_-
This facebook isn't good
Im on the galaxy s3 (a decently fast phone) and this has to be the most sluggish app in my phone period. Facebook really needs working on this
I am so happy due to Facebook because it help to me to be connection with my family relative
Mmmmmmm
Pydshk
New version is poor and not working
Works properly and easily.
Verry good apps
Fasebook
Nic
Peeespppppppppp ilove this app!!!
I can't share any thing on my page. I use it alot for business. What the heck. Sooooooo uncool. Hate the new app and b it's automatic ugh. I liked the previous one it's was great this one sux
Please fix force closes
You shouldn't change things for the sake of change
Let me set it to stay at most recent & I'll be happy!
nice
app shuts down fix it
TAMMILattime
I been liking the new updates. Only one problem. It doesn't like to stay open an keeps saying not responding. I an mostly others would love it if y'all made it where we can message offline if there's emergency or have it to where we can only message people with messaged offline
Do not care about top stories. Ever. Newest update now hijacks my Link Bubble and loads Web pages directly in the app. Wish I could go to 0 stars. I'll probably uninstall before long.
Installing 2 apps so that i could use the messenger, so 1 star only..
Nthing
Facebook is best networking aap in the world it is the best
Vaibhav
Gud for social conction
T
With every new update there comes a new problem. Freezing, shutting down, this really sucks.
I love its because it's fun
Hmmp
T
Best
Love it!!!
Update is really teasing me it close automatically the fb app plz fix it.
Keka
My comunication and life.
I can! Upload
Its good
cant open it
3
No rick
Its a good app but can be made much better..
But i cant download
Everytime it updates takes more space & now u need a messaging app its too much plus all the newsfeeds are way behing & dont get all of them too.
It keeps knocking me off
Very very bad for this ver. I can not login
It's really not great. It's mostly functional, but it's still pretty broken.
This is why I haven't used a Facebook app recently. Plus, your permissions/privacy(lack of) sucks. Thanks.
Good for social networking
Crashes for no reason. Got this tablet to use Facebook and keep in contact with my family and friends while I'm away in another country and one of the main ways of doing that is pretty much useless now. Awesome.
The app wont stay open, are u gunna do something about it cause this facebooks s**t
Ok
Facebook
It sucks because it close to fast and doesn't let me down load.
The new update shuts down the app directly. Horrible. Fix it asap.
Verry nice
Why it is taking too much time to install
Keeps on crashing when attempting to add pictures on post. Get this fixed!
Rogciano cortes
09261988

Slow

Thanks
Cool
Ha ha
We need video download. In app
We can see nice qutions
On 2G network App taking much more time to load photos. Provide two mode in facebook App 1 for 2G users & another for 3G users. Pls use some special data & photo compression technique. So, loads photo smoothly even on 2G & my data plan last longer. Update App with these bunch of features. Will give 5star*****
Rani
Thank you
I would give this app less than 1 star if there was an option to. It won't work at all on my tablet, won't stay open. I've uninstalled it, updated it... nothing works. What are y'all thinking Facebook?
Very good app
Stay connected
After the new update, not able to open anything it shows loading and still loading.........
Surendra singh negi
great
Just one glitch that drives me nuts, when looking thru feeds sometimes jumps to new feeds. Otherwise 5 stars.
Now you want to see what apps are running on my phone? Gimme a break! As a root user I take pride in taking down permissions in apps like this one. You just don't learn. I'll get messenger and do the same thing.
Its good
Good
Wont stay open, please fix :)
myominsoe
I got a galaxy note 3 and now only text loads in my feed, pictures take years to load.  Please fix this.
Good
why messenger is mandatory to run messaging? it creates prob in low RAM devices.
Still runnig afer closing + very slow
Lg g3. Crashes when trying to upload photos or when commenting photos.
I m loving it...
This is helpful ty for it
Its still force closing ALL the time. Even before it opens! Please fix!?
Awesome thing!
Love it wouldn't be able to talk with friends without
Thanks
Its worse hardly loading.
SIDHIQ PM
Nice
Who ever wrote bad comments about Facebook ya haters because ya don't no how to use it
Awesome
The Internet Is Slow And Its Also Log Everytime
If we know that person and we have only 1 mutual friend we are nt able to send request pls solve asap
This app is too long to open a minute and also eaten a lot of space of over 40 MB above until notify on its low on space in each android phones. I think you have to fixed this specially the small mobile device.
Joeknipp1947
Facrbook
Very good
This update sucks!!!! It closes by itself, it drained my data space and causes my phone to cut off and on. I have installed and uninstall all night! Please fix this mess!!!!!!
Since the update it keeps force closing and won't stay open I had to re download it but still no changes pls fix this problem
Gud
Perfert
It's great I don't have a problem . Only sometimes it exits out of it.
ITS SO STRANGER UPDATE WHAT HAVE YOU DON TO THE APP???????
i cant also open the app and it shows forced stop. please fix this problem or i will delete it :(
Santosh rana Magyar
Very
This is ridiculous can't even keep this app open and constantly freezes on camera also sometimes won't even open
Those who hope in the       LORD...will soar on wings like eagles. ISAIAH 40:31
Happy life
Kindly fix it
Updated
It shut down automatically....
I hate to use this app
This app will not close properly. It stays running in the backgroumd until i end it in the task manager, which i should not have to do!
Bad nist
Nice
W
Good
The permissions required now are appalling, ridiculous, and excessive. Utterly unnecesary. The app is oversized especially now that messages are accessed on a seperate large app. Poor performance. I removed it. Will never add it back due to the disgusting list of invasive permissions requirements since the last updates (which I refused) Facebook, you do not need access to EVERYTHING and EVERYONE in my phone to run your shoddy application.
Bagus
Samsung galaxy s3 biraz bu bow yere yadawi doldurmasini duzeltin
Very bad app
The new update is not very satisfying as it was earlier.It takes so much time for loading
Why do i have to get the massenger ? And the new update sucks ... Doesn't open any timeline ...
Cool
Easy to keep in touch with family and friends
Tjo Facebook is so great
Can't even load FB
Great..!@!
So many foolish updates which r of no use
I Can't log in ? tskkk...
Wtf is this upgrade?
still needs more improvements on viewing of Friends List,easy menu settings and choice of choosing feeds to view first.
Very useful app
It will never open when ever I close it thrice. I always ended up re-installing it
Remember all those permissions people were complaining about with fb messenger?  Well, the thinks-theyre-slick fb team, "fixed" the problem by putting all of those permissions in the core fb app, which must be installed before the official messenger will work. :-\  That's ok though... I can disable permissions on Cyanogenmod Rom.  ;-)
This app is a disgrace! I think this app was developed by monkeys not technicians. :-(
Facebook
There isn't any consistency whenever i want to enter this APP, it becoming seriously Aggrevating
The update keeps closing. What good is having fb if you cant even get on it. Please fix!!
Wats all this,i ve being installing facebook on my android phone for two days,my ba3 is getting low d more i try to install, it so annoying.....
Won't load!   Maybe you re-invented the wheel once too many.    Fix!
Since the latest update, app does nothing but crash automatically before you can even do anything.
Very nice
great social media network
I want to open the app and see my news feed the way I want to see it. I don't want to have slide all the way to the more tab and tap most recent every single time.
Not to android design standards. Legacy menu button takes up screen space
It uses high amount of data,RAM and battery.this is not expected from a company like u... Same app in iOS is not using that much battery and the interface in iOS is too much smoother than in android... Isn't it strange? What is the need of separate messenger?
Its strucking when we r seeing videos
Dam'mit I shouldn't have updated FB... It keeps on shutting down... Please fix it immediately... There are already lots of comments having the same problem..
My news feed will not show the pictures people post or upload!...
This app is always updating and making my memory low
Automatically closing...not enjoying as before
Love it
More usage of ram by facebook. It hangs when opening it.
App constantly crashes after eacj attempt to open.. Bad!
Yes
W9
happy dipawli my all friends
Sich
Old update is better
Takes up too much ram running in the background and always on eating up battery. Other than that. Great app.
Wtf Facebook...I try doing anything other than shuffle through my news feed and your app crashes...do your jobs and fix it.
it¡¯s good..
Hate it these updates just keep getting worse not better
Fb is force stop when I open it do something
I have a Sony Xperia e1 with 4.4 kitkat and Facebook says incompatible update and my tablet Samsung galaxy tab 3 8.0 running 4.4 kitkat has no problem if fixes then 5 stars
The app's speed is really good but I don't enjoy keep updating it every single week
One or two interactions and it shuts down can not post/share with out it shutting down.  POC RELOADED IT NOW THE FIRST INTERACTION AN IT CLOSES
All I wonder is that why is this app wonderfull.Awesome...thats why I love it so much...The best friendly app Ive try and i wish im   not  the one that would try this... thank you...
Wow exelent apps
I don't like it to use fb app and chat app. Using hangout chat i have possibility to be in chat with ppl selected by me.. Fb chat not give this opportunity.... So i never use chat fb.
I was forced to download the messenger app so I could remove a notification badge.
Keep shut down automatically.... pls fix it
Good
opening and moving news feed very slow! always getting message 'activity facebook is not responding'
Just become sucks over and over again
Wellington
phadu
Waoow
(Y)
Updating every 2days take more and space drain my battery and why do we have to use messenger pfff it sucks noW
Socialise
After the last update of the facebook application it crashes after seconds of opening the application. it is really the worst application I have ever seen. how could facebook releases an application that crashes after seconds.
Cool
Wont stay open on samsung tab3
Very good
In update...me not remove tags....bug fix dmn sucks
and always forceclose
Greatapp
Consistently crashes.
The latest update won't even open any notifications.  The screen automatically shuts down once click on notifications icon.  Please fix.
Auto shut :/
Facebook
Sick of facebook app crashing when i try and comment or like. Not happy at all. Gone back to using the web version.
Facebook
Update the Facebook 'messenger'  problem Will be solved...
I refuse to install the latest update for the Facebook app and I will now uninstall the app completely. I don't think Facebook should have access to all the other apps I have installed and what is running in the background on my device, nor all the other permissions I have blindly agreed to in the past.
Alright app
Ndh
What happened to just Facebook? Seriously. The app becoming bloated. You guys were adding too many useless stuff. And you guys were forcing us to use your stand alone messenger app. What is going on? Just like Sean Parker told you guys... Drop the "the" just facebook. Like the way it used to be. And please. Code your FB app for android properly.
The recent update seems is inconsistent across devices. What happened to the "unfollow" feature and comment permissons have unknowingly changed.
They want to have access to your camera, microphone, pictures, etc... Don't know why it needs access to all if this information,  if It didn't need all of that information I'd keep the app.
Very vell
So lame that the app always defaults to Top Stories instead of 99.9% of what users want, Most Recent.  If they can't get the app to remember a preference like a browser does, it simply shows a forced UI.
suka
IT HELP ME A LOTS
Nice
I'll give 5 stars once you are able to reply to comments like on browser and add images as comments like on browser.
I love facebook coz it can give us a great communication although we were far away from each other.
My Life Is In God Hands
Not bad
Facebook love me
Write the code that fb text to my nomber, but why? It's alway error comfirming,
take very long time to open.. and also very slow
What's the point of having the app if we can't even open it. Deleting this crap now. I wish I could put no stars.
Like the layout, yet the complete lack of usability due to the near instantaneous and constant crashing, is tragic. Truly poor, fix your product.
K
Removing built in messenger was the death of this app.
Loading time are too late
like
Ivans
Okay, so I downloaded it, cuz everyone knows this is one of the most used apps, but i hated it. The update made it terrible, crashes whenever u log in, it's like hell. Fix errors, & until my next review.
Five short words are not good enough for us to determine why we should update.  Each update says the same thing.  I do development work myself (32 years) and every release has a high level descriptive summary of changes and the details are in the change log.
Its more fun
This facebook is not like others
Last version broke it. If I click on a person's name or picture it won't open.
Is there 0 star probably I'll choose it
Love and like forever
Deze app heeft me de mogelijkheid gegeven om in contact te blijven met mijn vrienden en familie, i love it!!! Ga zo door Facebook!!
Lose contact too often!
Not so good at all trust me!
Awessom
M.AMIR
Very bad
Just did the latest update.  Now no videos work. WTF.
Not good
Mast
Update new version facebook application
The app keeps crashing after a few seconds of being open.
I was having problems with it crashing when I used any link in the app so I updated it.  Now it crashes all by itself if I just wait a few seconds.  Making great strides here guys, next time I expect it will crash as soon as it loads.
Wtf what wrong with the new update??
Very good
Every one is on this social media... very popular.
Good
Won't play videos
Terrible. Stupid update everyone I know hates it look at your feedback guys comeon!!!! Way too slow bring back the old facebook
Superb
Crashes every time I open the app. Completely unusable. Might have to change over to Google +
Ybre
Face book
Why give us updates again nd again
Great way to stay In contact with friends!
Really good
I like it
It's still nagging for the messenger app, it gets tiring having to reinstall the Facebook app every few weeks after the messaging gets blocked...
Friend search it save on table
Divya my baby
Keep unable to click on the name of to access the profile through newsfeeds.
like everyone has said. Won't open after last update.
G
Aap
Good
Vj
Thankx for the latest update.......
OMG! This app sucks. It takes too much space in my storage. So, i only use it often. I love facebook but this mobile app is stupid.
Its a cool app. I enjoy everything about it except that you have to have messenger on mobile devices to get messages.
Problem
Previously used to be good...
If I could give it less than one star, I would. The latest update causes it to crash completely immediately upon opening. What the hell have you done to our app?
social network
Prem
why make you think that you can do better than Chrome? please remove turn stupid in-app browser!!!
God white me
You
HORRIBLE force closing on Samsung  Galaxy Tab 3. CANNOT EVEN USE IT!!!! WTF happened to this app?? No other problems with any other apps at all. Can someone please FIX this??
I am do happy
It hangs in 3mins then suddenly it crushes unable to open and it says force stop!!
You people are wht doing..plz fix force closed
Anybody else having trouble with tagging/mention a friend in a comments? Can't do so already after the update
App continuously crashes. Can't open notifications or messenger. A fix needs to be made asap.
Bhanu
I like it :)
It's crashing several times. Fix it and I'll 1 star for this app.
It nice
After it being updated it seems to be quite easy to use the fb onto the device i really like this...
Aus to
I just tried to log on to Facebook and it says that my Facebook is no longer existing!My mummy searched me up and my facebook was no longer there!What has happened to my Facebook and why has this happened?Now I can't keep in contact with friends,godmothers!This is NOT fair!!I want my facebook back!!Please
Desai
Fast and reliability
singh
84605214
Nothing like it
Actually its 5 rating app but y its asking to download a messenger. FB is a one type of messenger den y I have to install one more ...that's y I'm going to un install this app.
Love
Why do I need a second app to chat? Seems kinda stupid that I was able to chat directly through the facebook app before and now I can't
With the latest update, the ability to turn off notifications is gone.
Cant access pics since last update on samsung tablet. Unistalled and reinstalled still not working. Thanks Spacelook. Reinstalled again worked ok first time now back to where it was blank grey boxes instead of pictures. ARRRGH
Is crap. Wont stay open even after removing it and reinstalling.
Eating ram in real time
Nixc
It consume too much memory.
This is the most stuped app update you have tried. You must be the highest paid idots or very clever pillerks to subject us users to your mistakes and get paid for it . Please get some one to change it back to the one that worked on 99% of tables. Ps you get -00000001 stars. Pps if you do have a fix please do it now, or do you need us to pay for it.
Having to add another app for messaging is crap
It"s awesome
Doesn't interesting.
its awsome ......
This app is awesome everyone no's its famous
Waste of time.Won't stay open.
I cant open my chat box . !!!!!!
Gets better and better
If I'm lucky I can see two posts before it quits. Really confused as to how this can still be happening after two updates. It makes FB unusable on my tabler. Very disappointed.
Keeps force closing everytime you click a notification item friend request or news ..fix it.. says more reliable but really its unstable
Its good for me.... I like it v much.........
wala bang bagong version nito.grrr

i love facebook
Mast
New update bring me more closer to fb.
Facebook app, messenger app and pages app will not stay open! I can't do anything in either app! Please fix!!!
Awesome
Good for connecting people
Nice massenger
Shuts every time I open.
Won't load videos.
Doesnt even open before force closing on galaxy tab. Previous version would close after scrolling news feed, now cant even get that far. Absolute trash, need negative stars, doesnt even deserve zero.
Very nice apps.
Seems that it is not tested at all hehehe so bad update not even able to see my notificatiobs !
Nice to use
Since last update I can't change my profile picture on mobile. :-(
The best.....
Facebook keeps droping out sin e update so frustrating
This new updates failed to show friends who are online. Try to fix it soon.
What a change
Cant open messages or scroll notifications without the app closing. Heaps handy 
Ok
I don't know why people have a problem with this app I have no problem at all whatsoever. You don't need to install messager if you don't want to just press skip when prompted it's not that difficult!
This is auto shut down. So bed
Prince
Disgusting comment bar.
Facebook
New HTC One M8= New FB.
Love it
Mr
Keep on updating but its getting worst. Please fix it! Before you release an update try test first.
Please stop opening links through the app. It sucks. They never stay open and videos don't play. I want them to open in the browser as usual. So much better and reliable
Sometimes turning on/off notifications feature does not mute it as it should
Keeps closing out everytime i touch a picture or an name
I love facebook
Why do you need to download messenger aswell exept to sell our identities to different companies again you could have just updated the facebook app
Since new its crap, closes page off has scrollin thru news feed and it wont let me share posts etc... grrrr sort it out
Drains battery, even when only the background service is running
Oshok love u
I want to give 10 star lol
Loved it
...when its installed on my phone I can't play clash of clans...
Excellent page like it so far
After new update i can't even open the app it stays open for 3 seconds then shut down... 1 star fix this
Major newsfeed updating issues 
Super
Please add select album option when upload a photo , in new updates.
Nice
Impressive
Error loading news feed; App hangs; it's a mess.
Facebook has memorable.
Shuts down , now unusable
I like this app
I actually love this !
Iklan mesengger ilangin di kotak pesan..gw gak butuh
Nice
Latest update is nt really good...u cannot view video when video has been poston any page..
Sucks update. It automatically closed. I can't keep it open for a while.
Can not log-in to my facebook
Thanxx
Force close
When I click on a friend's name, a video, a link...essentially anything in my newsfeed nothing happens. Not working. Newsfeed is all messed up too. Annoying.
Horrible!!! Please fix ASAP...
Bad updation..I can't select friends from post updates ....
It was good, but I don't like how it won't let me click on names of who posts and the groups they are connected to, to go to their pages. Le sigh
I will give it 5 stars
Sheema Clean Water Foundation
how many times you want me to reinstall it?the news feed cant even load?pls fix it!
Occupies Lots of Space.. upto 90 MB and occupies much of the RAM space
App has improved a lot...
Updates makes even slower and eats up a lot of memory. Plus needs additional program for messaging which needed additional memory also.
..new update 10/29/14. Lol i see awesome reviews for this one my favs so far: "do you guys even test the new updates""app closes assoonas i open it""do you even read reviews""reducing review score"....yeah i did that last one,  was a 5 at one point and *bam* now a 2. I think all those 5s are either paid to do it or haven't updated their review.
Good
You changed the long in out lay why don't you just get it right the fisrt time,all these up dates cant be good.
Facebook
nice
To exchange the vew each other
Nice
When i click message from my friends timeline. Itz Lagging and not responding... Device= xperia v Lt25i
16, 10, 1995
This is most beautyful app than messanger
Its good
Bugs
Not far how you have too now download a app to check inbox messages. Fb starting to get ridiculous.
Your browser is crap and I don't want to use messenger
It's just so smooth and looks great. My only wish is to have the News Feed toggle again between most recent and top strories. All in all. It's the best Facebook app. It beats all other OS Facebook apps. Keep it up! :D
Loads of ads and can't open Web links.
Nice
I can't delete my or anybodys comments from any posts from this..otherwise it's fine..
Karan
Facebook Update sucks. It uses all my memory on my Phone. Please don't download this.
Take a long time to open
since the update my face book keeps turning it self of then sayin there is  Error i cant talk to people and i cant look at my notifocations sort it out quick
I like because this is a social app an very easy to handle
I like it
facebook dosen't respond and will not start
Better
I am a third party. The list of the King of the King of the most popular games and software for the use of a new job. We are currently no adverts. ..Tuhadi, I think it was a very long, long lasting and I will have
Facebook
I like
Musa Milton Abu
I loved it....
Zin
LG optimus g
Ok but do not update further....
Annoying !
Using web interface in the end
facebook
Ossam
lovely
New update made the app close every time I open it. I cannot keep the app opened. Same goes for the Facebook messenger. The update is really bad. Please do something? I hate the fact that we have to download another messenger app as well.
Average
Just love it!
Yea
Good
S
Thisi
Very good
Because is a beutiful
What a piece of crap .  Won't stay open for more than 10 seconds....... Crap!!!
Great app
To intrusive.
Keeps closing sort it please
All the adverts have to load up, making it slower than Firefox!
Love it
Very good
Party
The app keeps on closing, it wont stay open.
Waste
useful in natural living
This app a completed app,Complicated app
I think it might be fixed soon
Forces to install messenger If I want to message friend. Can't send msg through facebook app itself like before.
Oct 14 update seems to have made app slower and clunky. Pages disappear and hard to scroll.  Galaxy S3
Gooood
Gud aap
Why wont app stay open?? Fix this
I'm already using this app but comment funy picture don't send onely comment text send  this app
Scroll down my most recent news feed and it freezes and shuts down. Fix please! Galaxy S4
it won't open T_T
Workin'
Won't load videos or pictures. My news feed doesn't even load most recent!
Its good
Crashing over and over again!!
Like it
After the update I can use it anymore...
Hge
Still doesn't default to a most recent view, therefore it is still crap. Why are Facebook so adamant that we can't have that view as a default? Obviously designed by idiots. And to add insult, the most recent view now seems to miss out loads of posts. Why not provide what people want, instead of building crappy browsers that nobody wants because we all already have good, well developed browsers, which unlike yours actually display web pages properly. At least you can turn it off.
When i downloaded the app it took about an hour and then when it finally finished it said that I could not download it because there was an error and every time I try to download the app it comes up with loads of errors I don't no why it does this because I have had it before and it was fine but I deleted the app because it started to slow down
huhu
Hi
New version too bad
Very slow... Please take action to improve
I am satisfied
Subway
Whatever your new update did is horrible. I can be looking at something and it just scrolls for no reason, I find myself scrolling back down to get where I was, and even then It's all scrambled. There's alot more wrong but I just dont have the patients to type it all down.
Pls fix
Evryone can show their writing skills and gain a fan base.m3troqu33nlisa, look for my creation writing work.
All
This once amiable app now single handedly kills my phones performance, and has transformed Facebook into a bothersome itch. Great for curbing one's appetite for social interaction, however.
Very Good
Yes i like
I have updated the new version it will automatic closed
the app closes right away! fix it NOW! or I'll just uninstall it!
The process is running background Even i closed Fb App. It will reduce battery back up.
Hate it so much.
But after the last update it often crashes
Awesome app
Veryy annoying automatically it closes itself n sayz.......unfortunately facebook has stopped working.......please fix this problem otherwise the app will be good
After the new updates, drained my phone battery quite fast cause even after closing the facebook, i still need to force-close it as it is still running in the background.
Suck automatically shutdown facebook app :@
Every update makes me feel like they just wanna clutter more and more things into it, why can't it just simply be Facebook? Sticking to browser, at least I can check my msgs there without another waste of space app.
Another update and still videos freeze and won't play.....crap!.....how many more updates before you fix it???
Everything you see on FB is true.  Facts are facts ;-) . GS4 CM11.  Post your hearts desire and see what flows your way!  Have a day.
;-)  :-)  O:-)
I love it thk  for making  it Mark and special thk for launching  it on B.O. D
I love it
Mm
So disappointed on the new updates. The application automatically stops whenever I click "Photo" to upload. Now, I can't even post any pictures. =(
Anish kumar shukla
Mihg
It's quite easy to use it because according to me it's difficult to use facebook on internet this app makes it easier

Very god
Kept it up
Shut down !?
Y
The app keeps crashing !! Cnt check notifications now
older version
ayaw nman bumakas ng message :((
Need better
Use your browser. This version is unworkable.
Fix crashes and slowness
It's ok, but the website allows you to do so much more!
Good
Force closes frequently
Nice done
Nc
it always suddenly hang after 2 minutes then automatically exit the applicatin
Force closing
Ok
Raja
fun
Nice ¡­¡­¡­
Decent and useful. However, in recent versions something called Camera Roll has become the only option to find the pictures to post from the App. This means you have to go through all your pictures rather than choosing the folder they are, which is tedious. They also push you to install the separate messenger App to check messages.
Nice
Excellent application
Love it
Good for life
Works good for few days only
If i click the notifications or the messages its force closing !! So disgusting , its shutting down so annoying !! Duh ?
Love
this new update is awful it not letting me watch any videos and it freezes my phone and forecloses!!!!!FIX IT
Too many useless updates
Why messanger compulsory,?????? F**k
Bhuraji M Prajapati

This application consume more of battery and more or data but features wise its nothing
The app keeps closing after 7sec. Ive reinstalled 3x and it still closes. Started two updates ago please fix
When open app make log out
Iv
I like it.
Superb
I love my facebook
slow
Quick and easy, I guess
:)
I love facebook
However, be aware that when someone deletes a facebook profile online their contact will delete itself from your phone, along with all their contact info. Always make a backup of facebook contact info to your device.
It works on phone like mine and also runs on slow network.
Nice social app.
Arata mai bine dupa ultima actualizare.
Singh
Wen some frnd tag us.. we cant remove tag in this update.. so pls pls fix these problem
Can be make a record in comment?     It 's easy with user.
Readily available and easy to use
Fix it please it's annoying as hell
Really bad app do not download
Not answer many times :-P
Nb
Just updated it and it messed up all my contacts that were linked to Facebook
Ok
It gets slower when i updated this app.
Not bed
Super
But having to get a separate app just on the off chance to message someone is bullshit
Nice
I like
Always loading, and failed, really really bad, very slow
This is the best
Really do not  download
Didn't down why is  i'm no know of facebook how???.... No Thank you...
goog
base of my experience on my webpage,sometimes good connection sometimes no connection. you know. its so hard because. if you like to your like photos and you like comments .you not follow her because no injoy  connection.  but now  im so so surprise for im installed this facebook because it so nice so much.  if you. like.  you try it. di ka magsisisi promise, thank you so much in furtunity
Good
My notifications arnt showing up!!!!!!!! Fix it and why can't I share the pics
Keeps crashing my tablet and the app, when is this going to be sorted????
Nice
Student.
I call B.S on the 20 mbs it's actually 162 mbs and you can't even move the stupid app over to external micro sd card either. So there for it just keeps eating up you internal memory with every update.also use's  alot of ram. i can use my tablet with multiple apps running and ram stays at 67% .. i can close the apps kill everything running in the back round open fbk and within 2 minutes i'm down to 18% ram .also stop screwing with fbk settings every dam time you idiots update fbk all my settings have to be reset have to to turn automatic videos off from playing and eating up data then have to put updates back to every 30 minutes instead of a hour.
After i update it always hung up and forcedclose.why?
Feackbook
Will not stay open, therefore CANT use it!!!!
My Facebook is not working good :(
Good application fnds
useful to connect friends
Still keeps shutting down on my tablet! Incredibly frustrating, Facebook!!!
Needs to stop closing on Moto G
Whenever i open notification tab it automatically closes... hate the new update.... pls give solution for this...
I like it but plz add video download option plz plz plz
Facebook knp suka mati sendiri??
App won't stay open shuts down every time I open it
takes lot of internal memmory please fix the problem then i will give you 5 stars
Wats up with that! Sick and tired of putting in new password just to get in. You guys gonna lose all your customers if you don't get your shirt together
The app keeps shutting itself off... Cant stay open for even 5 sec... 2. Just got updated, the same problem is still there.
I like
phuck phacebook
I love it
Just this second updated to your "new" version and it SUCKS ... i CANT even get on to my own F.B page now!!!!! Every time i click it goes off... Why fix what is not broken??!! Why put these "new" versions out if there not bug free ??!! Mise well un install the App an use F.B threw the Internet browser like the good old days :) ... sort it out guys !!
Had 1 star from me for a long time.... Back to 5... hopefully it'll stay there....
Facebook app developers are deaf n blind it seems... Not listening to users at all... Recent feeds up front is the most asked feature by users.
facebook is the best....
Definitely better!
I need to click and open the photos one by one to delete the unwanted photo that synced by fb, it's tiring and wasting time. Fb should improve the sync system. The photos should be arranged by time.
Love it
I adore facebook, I love it, but it started crashing once I open it from facebook app and messenger app too.. my phone is galaxy s 5 .. new phone.. solve it please.
Ok its good
My mobile phone Samsung Galaxy grand 2 G7102 not support Facebook  my mobile phone android version 4.4 2 kitkat
Please not always copy from iOS but material design!
The last update which now means that links open in the Facebook ago rather that chrome or other default browser mean that adverts can now take over the Facebook app. A stupid decision by money grabbing advert loving Facebook. App will be removed soon of it doesn't allow the choice of using the default browser.
Facebook
Automatically shuts down...fucked up update
Amit Rana
book
for removing chat feature & infinite loading .. this app sucks.
Since last time I commented about the app. I can tell the progress and its so much better nowadays. Keep working it up!
Good
Wow wonderful app
Error with always restart when click on messenger or notification or cornfirm friends always restart on galaxy s2            GT-I9100
I do not like the new update whenever you like some post it pops up with other pages to like. And what's up with it always going back to the top whenever I'm scrolling through my news feed. Annoying!
Super...
Super app
I realky like this
My htc one mobile it keep closing after few time
I cant update any photo comment pls fixed it...
Nice app
Always force stop
I like it
Every update u release make the app even worse,..... Now the news feed doesn't load
Nakakabwisit! Walang kwenta yan update nyo  hindi mabuksan   yun apps, pag lumipat ka lang ng konti,  lagi nawawala at kusang nag o off, kakabwisit talaga
It  always   go out shi,,,t
Foreclose before Start up
Good
All these updates in the week and now it consantly crashes out on my tab 3.MAJOR FAIL!!!!!! Update: absolutely no difference. Just sort it out ffs.
It cant update ti the latest whereas the internet facebooks has a "sort" button that updates to the latesr news
Like
Happy to using facebook.....
Really I like this
Awesome
After last update now makes my ph sloooow and thats even if the dumb app will stay open! Fix the damn thing and give us back the normal messages! Either that or me and my friends are outta here! :-(
After it was updated to the new version .. It was very smooth.. 
Ok
Good
I love it
Very asume
I like fb very much
B
Love
after the newest update facebook keep on loading..loading..and loading..it wont open. what happen ?
Love you
Thanks for fixing it
Face book
Not able to run any video updated by freinds. Just throughing out from facebook.
71peque@.com
Its very nice apps but sometimes i have trouble on it..sometimes if i open this its take to much time..i hope that u can do things to fixed this kind of problem...
WOW!!! A COMPLETE ZERO RESPOMSE........ On my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 How do I set the news feeds to most recent permanently?  THIS IS AN OLD RECURING PROBLEM... FIX IT!!!! Regards FransT
Facebook
Very poor....
Do they really need all this access?!!   Wish someone would come up with a more private alternative..   :(
There are a lot of issues but the most frustrating and annoying is that when ever i have to upload  a pic or vid On STATUS AND AS WELL AS ON COMMENT.. I have to scroll all the way down to select it (in case if they are old ones).. It could be really easy to select if there was an option to select them from albums or simply gives the choice to pic the media through gallery...!
If you are so upset with Facebook, why not delete it and hurt their revenue?
I hate this everytime i download this app i cant install.. Theres some insufficient space.. But i have more space in my storage... Hmmmp
Good
I can not keep my Facebook on or watch any video , at know time so why such I have to go through that with facebook new version.
Clearly this won't make any difference,  but this app is getting worse. Too many suggested posts in my time line and the feed I do get is disjointed and increasingly slow to load.
Hangs when i click a notification. No 'stop notification' option on friends posts
Update has bugs!
No one cares what you had for supper,  eeeevvvvvvvveeeerrrrrr
I dislike the updated version. FB developer knows best why many users hate it now.
What's wrong with this app.after I update I can't open notification or messenger ....what a suck
Good
Amazing....
Facebook
Not open
J
You are getting from bad to worse .it logs out when I touch the notification bar.  Iwant the oldest application,it was the best!!
Won't  load!!
Good
Deepak Kumar Chopra
I'm satisfied for now like the app
For frindshep
I love it. No matter what
Awesome
You are lucky to get 1 star from me.The new update is very very poor and I dont want to waste my phone's memory in downloading this worst app
Good
Nice....
After it updated it now kicks off even after uninstalling and reinstalling it kicks off please fix this bug!!
New shares based on friend's shares is annoying. Hijacking my internet browser to open a link now?
Stupid update please fix
The new update suck Facebook will not shut down keeps running. It runs my battery down and does not give me any notifications anymore even though I went in and set my settings for notifications
constantly freezes and closes out. Most often I have to restart phone to unjam my phone
Tupperwere
Stuipid because kids around 7 well download this app
I like the original.messenger
New update is very bad
Best apps
App force closes as soon as it is opened. Leave it alone!!!!!
A boy tall and slim
Ohhhhh soooooo disgusting, soooooo irrritating your new feed.... I can't even read my notifications and messages.... it's keeps stop and stop everytime i click it in my mobile.... please!!!! Check it!
Very good app
The best way to be in touch with friends colleagues .&family
Won't stay open. Every time I try open notification it close out and reset my phone
I've reach level 248 and with just 10 moves is too impossible to pass that level when theres also numbers that once go zero it will deduct -5 to my score..???its crazy..if dont fix it i wont play this game anymore...;(
As soon as I open the app it shuts down. Not very happy it needs to be fixed ASAP.
Bad
Why the hell can fb post on my behave when I'm offline
Fackbook
Works OK until I try to add photos then it crashes every time. I unistalled the latest update and it's working fine.
Every time I click on a profile, the timeline will not load. It gives me the error message and to try refreshing the page. I refresh it and the same thing happens. Fix!!
I love this app
"Facebook is love, Facebook is life"
You can see the video but i is very lagging for me
Freezes then closes when scrolling down the news feed on a brandnew samsung. Sucks!
So convenient to use :-)
This Facebook app is very helpful and by the way nice update, keep up the good work.
Gd
My feed won't load. Pictures and videos don't load so its just blank panels and statuses. And on top of that it forced me to download the messenger app so I could read my messages. Gets worse with every update.

I like the link update seriously £¨£Þ£ö£Þ£©
must say if u gt on to fb u r dn addictd of it n its also fast n furious......
Uninstalled because it was so buggy and slow after an update and now I can't reinstall it.
Ya.. good..going well
bad
Need material icon
I like using the facebook app. Just please stop updating it.
Ayush
Awesome
:-)
Still getting error message on news feed, will not refresh
The latest update has ensured that the app can't be used at all, before it was intermittent. Crashes and closes as soon as I try to scroll, open a post, anything. 4.4.2 on Galaxy 3 tablet.
Always automatically shut down£¡£¡
It doesnt let me get into the app it keeps closing it
Bagus & terbaik
please, Please, PLEASE make a Feature, App, Somethin to PERMENTLY DENY GAME REQUESTS FROM PEOPLE!!!!!  I don't want to DELETE ALL MY FRIENDS......Everyday at least  30+ requests.....F'n ANNOYING so PLEASE UPDATE THAT!!!!!!
Force close tab than notification
Annoyed that my partner has the option to have notifications on his lock screen but I have no option what so ever, and we have the exact same phone!
Excellent
Since last update it now sucks. Keep getting error message that it cant load. I uninstall, reinstall works for a bit and starts doing it again... Tired of uninstalling and reinstalling  on my iPad. Please fix your problem!!! And its not my connection. Ive tried it on 2 different Internet connections and even went direct on connection on Verizon... YOU HAVE A ISSUE...
Says it doesnt work for my version of android device.. well im sorry i cant afford a "new device" to use this app... unbelievable
New version  problem
Why my account Facebook locker????        Data games all gone
Nice
Ok
The app is starting to suck now.
What happened? I can't turn off notifications on posts that I comment on any more. Now I can't comment on something that's not a huge page or business without having to worry about every other comment appearing in my notifications. I see it says I am supposed to be able to turn post notifications on and off now but I could do it before in the top right corner of the post. Now there is nothing there. I can't even report a post if it is spam or offensive.
I cannot keep this latest update open long enough to complete the review I WANT to provide. Fix it or count me GONE!
Sk Computer Center
Punjab.Datarpur.mukerian
Cant even open appa anymore if there was 0 stara i would of picked that
No words to say fo new updates...
Hate the new update. I can no longer turn off specific post notification or untag myself. Please fix
Narendra maravee
Perfect
I enjoy facebook for the quotes from different sites I choose, I dont really get into following everyday stuff or friends of friends , I keep to my family and close friends.
Will reload when the bugs are gone, waste of space right now
It wont stay opened no matter what I do
Won't open keeps crashing. I will now uninstall.
Facebook is the bane of existence. Yet it is difficult to keep in touch with so many people so easily.
easy to use
It works very good.
Update 10/29/14 Where the hell did the control to turn off notifications for a specific post go!?!?!! Im getting hammered with notifications. It's like Internet Explorer 4 all over again. Sucks battery life like candy. Needs to be better about hibernation. I'd get rid of it but that's like saying get rid of your phone number that everyone knows you at. Just can't do it.
Poor
Closes before it even opens!! Seriously?? I thought updates were meant to make things better, not worse..
Can't update New feed,View profile  or anything what happen?
Ja
rame
I like it
WTF is happening with this ?? I can't open it, the app shutdown to the main home and it didn't open.So suck
well done Facebook team (y) keep up the good work (y), there is a big problem : I can't change privacy settings when updating a post
Outside links do not work since the update. Also, I can't share links.
Looks like it's working like charm

Removed options of hidding notification from tagged photos. Unable to see the person who tagged. Unable to send request to the known persons
What the hell man new updates its crush man i cant use proper facebook plz fix it
Awesome app
Nawo
Facebook has become the worst app ever. Takes up to much storage and doesn't work right. Hate it
Happy
So nice
Good sort
The problem i am having is clicking on other pages on my news feed. When i click a name, the page wont open up
very nice for use it...
FACEBOOK
I just updated facebook 2 days ago!!! And here we go again with another update! Really?
Hate it. I can't even open Facebook anymore.  How can I get help? I will never upgrade this app or I might close out.
Why do I get error each time I dload d app it went missing from my tab n cannot b dloaded anymore pls fix
Apps keep closing, as well as messenger an notifications
First I don't see anything different but what ever on that cause Facebook changes so much I can't keep up. Second every time I press on notifications it forces close,I restarted my phone and it still forces close. I can browse down my timeline for however long I please but soon as I press notifications it closes please fix it
Unfortunately closing
Ridiculous permissions. This app is way invasive
Social networking its good
It's can bring for you wonderful moment. Really I'm proud of the Facebook. I love it lot of.
It won't let me do anything. It literally just updated and when I press on the fb icon it will open but it's like the button links aren't working...
Great!
Why does the app need access to those? That was the final straw, I'm uninstalling this app now.
Takes ages to load
Every time I goes to check my notification it keeps shutting down ! Very annoyed by it please do better !
I want to use Facebook and googlesplay and slot machines
Keeps exiting out of the app!!!
The new update is totally annoying it keeps app shut down by it self a minute after opening.  Fix this issue soon
Wow! !!!!!!!!!!
Listen to the people who use this, bring back what they loved.
But now no pictures load
I like it
I like this app very much
Since the new update the app stays running, I used to use the back button and the app would close.  Now it stays open.  HELP!!!!!!! PLEASE FIX!!!!!!
Why does it keep on forceclose whenever i try using the app??? Guess what i'm not happy with this!!
I don't want to download the mssenger hate this new update
Up date srewd me up can" even put in old are new past word dam am sick of it leaving
Good if there's and update like iPhone has
Ahmed
akhtar
What'sup men?
Facebook
You can't even open Facebook for 5 minutes without it shutting down.
My fb won't stay open
good
Won't stay open
loading problem..game apps unable to connect after update.
Turns off automatically quite often. I hate this
Stop loading few hours ago
FIX THIS PROBLEM!
When I watch Facebook video,the video quality very dark  !!PLEASE FASTER FIX BACK!!!!!!!!!

This is bullshit. ... even i couldn't open my app.... my app is immediately switches off after updating
I cannot open anything. It is always shut down automatically. Is this the new improvement ability????
Nothing loads and it's constantly forcing closed. Crap!
App force closes
facebook osame...
Lick
Az
App automatically close in less than 5 seconds after opened
After updated it's always logging, pls fix.....
Your new update is not allowing me to open any pages or profiles. Also, just give us back the choice to see most recent things on our newsfeed.
Old version is bettet than new..
I cant open the app! It automatically close! Please fix it or better to make some update!
I mean why the hell it refreshes too slow? And why does it make a duplicate image, every time I select a previously used profile pics and cover photos? Why?? And why I can not tag pages???
Nice
Occasionally lags, but that's because of budget phone, great app
Best
Nice
Stop with the spammy f'ing notifications
Slow, slow and slow!
I would like to give 0 or -ve ratings if they have any... for some reason keeps logging off automatically, in the past  week automatically my account was locked I don't know y , now unable to unlock from browser too.. just thinking not to use this anymore in both ways... FB SUCKS...
New update is terrible. Can't go to any profiles!
k
Not work properly when i open the notification then it closed
Smart
Sunny
It's crab
Why do we need to install both this, the messenger and the page menager? It should be very light and be all in one app. Please, fix it.
This app is UNSTABLE. You can't even use it on a mobile device. As soon as you open the app and touch your screen to scroll and read, comment or navigate it shuts down EVERYTIME.
this up date working better than previous up date, thanks
app! Crazy permissions! Any more  and I'm out! They will also delete your post with no explanation or warning. Facebook's driving its own agenda
Keeps force closing every time I click on my messages and even from the messenger app. Please fix and I will give it full rate
Why do I need another app for messenging?!?! It will just kill my battery and slow my phone down. Does anyone even read these comments and apply them?                                     How does it have this many stars.....
My favorate
App crashes every few seconds! A fix is long overdue!
Wont stay open.
Manoj Negi
Fete muu
Too good

What is wrong with this facebook update.
Most recent?                           I want this app to allow the text  to be copied.
Clearly mine is not the first irritated review so comments are ignored.   But wanted to add my voice to the masses.  Get your crap together!
Make it access able otherwise delete this rubbish app from the play store. See how many people are complaining about this why not yet you guys improved it. Same problem with messenger when I tries to open app it automatically stops .
Really you call this update.. Really? Before updates, my facebook was running good but after update it become a dust. Please fix it. It has become the slower apps i had ever experience. The photos are taking too much time to load. The videos are not opening. News feed and notification are taking too much time to load. In total it had bcame a worse apps. Feeling sorry. why i update it.
Crashes every time I load it on samsung tab 3.
Great updates
wow
Can't open my notifications it closes every time!!!
Works great with any Android based. cell phone.
Everyone shut up this app rocks.
We need this feature on mobile, because for now the option is only available on desktop browser.
Vel
Loved it
After update app automatically shut down Please fix it. You're lucky get 1 star. I want to give minus 5 star for this version.  Please check your new update.  Why never check before release it??????
Update suck can't even see my messages same for messenger I'm deleting both 
Nice
Love it
Facebook is getting dumber I have an S5 FB crashes every time like frfr fix it
Problem occurs on open notification
Wonderful
Application shut down
New updat nt good closing app automatcly

Use it all the time.
The app does not show any type of notification when I get a message or notification from facebook, and when am outside of the app it does not show a number on the app when am outside of it. APP TOTALLY SUCKS!!!
I have a note 4, my FB app did the update.. and now I can not access it.
Update broke the app.
You need to act soon or u just might lose millions argh it keeps closing the screen I'm annoyed dude.
Nice
I'm so disgusted with this app now....STOP CHANGING THINGS!!!!!!    10/30/14 update....don't know what the hell you did now but can't open any links and the bs of seeing 1random comment on a post...wtf is that???  Epic fail yet again
After new update, it keeps shutting down on my S3 mini and tablet. Messenger too! Not good,  please fix issue!
Now every time I try to comment on something my screen turns white, freezes for three or so seconds, then sends me back to the news feed.
Great app to use on go
App. Will not open.
Excellent
Lovely app...incredible..keep it up guys!
Raje
|_______|
Keeps Closing on Me WTH???
Kicks me out the app when i open it
I hate it. Horrible app. Wont even open. Douchbags. Read your users feedback.
D app cant be uploaded... It's total carp..
Excelente
Don't like having to download an extra app when this app should do it.
Description is not required. Person is revealed through his activities.
Yup..working superbly...
Closes all the time, freezes and super slow
To slowly
Crashes all times with messenger
Hangs Too much !
Best
Very good
Just updated the new version snd lots of bugs on it. App close when clicked on notification and swiping across.
Ok
Worst app ever
Ever since the new update I cant even view profiles keeps saying error loading refresh plus the app is loading slow if it even works at all
Require better animation
New update doesn't work fix it
What happened to the ability to "stop notifications" on a post??? It was there and now it's gone. PLEASE bring that back!
A recent update makes links open with facebook app by default rather than default browser. The Facebook app is not a web browser. If I click a link that is external to FB I expect it to take me to my default browser, not a built-in Facebook browser. Yuck
Perfect
Since updating now facebook won't stay open - can't scroll - it's the pits!!! Maybe you should hire someone who knows what they're doing!!!!
You have all access to our personal life and take up way too much space by doing so. Stop sending us untested updates and actually do something beneficial for your users before we switch to something more convenient.your time is coming Facebook, change your ways before it's too late.
Amazing
It's good.
We ALL want the MOST recent post. We dont understand WHAT is so hard to get. AND what is with this facebook web browser thing going on? I absolutely hate it when clicking videos and such...just...dont...
Works great, my only complaint is the "top stories" that aren't actually important or necessary and they override the most recent feed.
How can one of the richest company's in the world not know how to fix an app? This is update 4 that me and thousands can't even open the thing. Whatever you were doing before the past 4 updates, go back to doing that. Cause OBVIOSULY whatever you're doing right now, isn't working out. Do you know the definition of insanity?  Trying the same thing over and over expecting the same results. Stop with the insanity!  And fix it. Maybe Google should buy you out!
So slow
App won't stay open for 20 seconds before shut down. Poor!
Worked perfectly at first on my Sharp Aquos Crystal and then it updated. Now every time I try to check my messages, friend requests, or notifications it force closes. Please fix and I will improve the rating.
Tablet
Hi Mark. I know you have a multi-billion company. But please I am begging you to make the size smaller. About 10-15MB. If you can, I would be so happy. Truly yours: T.S <3
Good app
Facebook is disappointed  me. it so bad now. Please fix it.
Ever since this stupid update my facebook won't stay open for more than a few seconds. Thanks for ruining it for many of us!
Hi
It is new with a twist!!
Family!
Wasting time
Love it
This app now sucks I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling this app it's won't let me search anything or message anyone 1 star this doesn't even deserve any starts at all
This version suck..its unstable and will close automatically. Older version are more fine...and that messenger all fb user hate it.
Is not staying open ...shut down by it self
Ur new update is f*in usless! Zero stars. Keeps crashing every second. Very frustrating.  Plz fix immediately!!!!
Stop updating. Leave it how it is.k
Nice, faster facebook
Addictive. Don't start.
Keeps crashing
It won't stay open.  The page opens and closes.
Messages not working. Reboots alot.no update..wtf
Good
Nice.............
Can it possibly crash any more? I mean, surely every five minutes isn't often enough! Updated, and still crashes. You jackasses.
Its nc you know but its a little slow a
Updates have ruined Facebook.
Since the new update the app keeps force closing and I can't scroll down even a little bit bfor it freezes and closes!! Horrible update
Terrible app
Facebook
Doesn't work after the latest update, keeps telling me I have no connection even though I do.
For long time facebook required lot of space, all Facebook games on android were not available in my country (Georgia) it couldn't load some of photos and it sometimes crushed and on the new update I don't want to make comment you're lucky what minimal is 1 star and not 0
What did you incompetent fools do??. This isn't an update,  just a white screen that won't allow you to close it.  I have to pull battery out of my phone to clear it.   FIND SOMEONE WHO KNOWS ABOUT COMPUTER PROGRAMMING AND HAVE THEM FIX THIS IMMEDIATELY!!!!! YOU'LL GET 5 STARS WHEN IT'S FIXED!!!
Can't open app because it keeps shutting down can't get my messages as messenger has unfortunately stopped working.  Seriously!!!!!!!  Frustrating
Not quite the same as desktop
Doesn't let me see my messages :(
Forced messenger app still. Can't disable free call. Most recent can't be set as default and it only shows page posts.
Luv this app
Consider this app and your stand alone messenger app DELETED. I've had more than enough of the updates with nothing that has changed except for the amount of space it takes up on my phone. Kick rocks, Facebook. Kick rocks.
hate this !!
I'm tired of always having to reset my phone just for it to work.....it will be deleted I can't stand this smdh
Idiotic app....asks to download ..messenger . well..dats the most annoying part ...other than that the app is wonderfull  .... works gr8 on my phone
Good
I think it's a good issue!
Good improvement after last update
Sooo baaad please fixed can't keep app open , no sticker in comment ,
Do you guys actually TEST the updates before releasing it? App keeps closing by itself, and can't do any proper browsing without it exiting or crashing.
Page doesn't stay up long, gone in a second. Can't post anything, can't look at my own page.
The feds watchin
My Grandaughter loves Facebook cause she can talk to her friends and this boy she likes
Ok you fixed it thank you! I been using this app for years!  Love it thank you!
It's not working
So with this new update I can no long sort my feed by most recent which is really annoying. I go into my feed and see top stories from days ago. That is not what I want to see at all. Secondly for some reason the like feature is not working. I will go into my news feed and like a bunch of posts and when I go back in the likes wont be there anymore. Please fix this and I will give the app more stars.
Try to get notifications and it just automatically shuts down and goes to home screen
It force close
Why did the page go blank and nkw click on the icon a very smal fb icon ahows than it closes ans goes to my homescreen. -
Keeps crashing
This app rarely works. I'm using WiFi and the app keeps telling me there's a problem loading. Does this every time I refresh. Sometimes I can't even see if I've successfully posted something because the app stops functioning properly mid post. I'm very close to deleting the app and shutting down my account altogether.
it is easy to use
It seems that it is of 22 something mb app.  But when i downloaded this app it took all the space present in my karbonn a5i .. very bad please make it lighter...
New update sucks. App wont even open. Fix for better rating.
Doesn't refresh thats only if it opens but its OK I guess?
I will update my review everytime just to say it sucks. The app shuts down before my news feed even shows up. I cant post status updates, I can't go on anyone's page. What is the point of this app if I can't even use it?
Thanks
its ok i guss for now
It is amazing
Chat
Saathi
App automatically shuts down
Forcing us to use a messenger app that takes over are phone. Quit adding junk no one wants as an excuse to steel more private information. I am not going to use your messenger app and any more forced changes I will quit FB all together.
So I can't sign in now. :/
Going well
It always stop i cant open my message plss fix it!!!
Good
This new update is not working well at all..I'm not able to check my notifications because the stupid thing won't stay open
It keeps saying Facebook is not responding I'm so tired of it can u please fix it
Makes me just wanna do away with FB if its not gonna be working properly! I already reported this problem to FB and I've tried  various alternatives from shutting down and powering on again and logging off and logging back in again uninstalling app on my phone and reinstalling it again and it's behaving the same!!!!!! I can't read any notifications let alone click on the highlighted new notifications to view them because Facebook automatically kicks me out!!!! ugh!!!!
Impossible to use, won't stay open. Completely useless.
J
Good
This is ridiculous you got all that money and can't get your app to work. Won't open just closes after opening app!
Will not stay open. It force closes before you can even open the app up. This new fb sucks
No longer logs in on nexus five. Throws an unspecified error message.
Crashes after 10 seconds every time.   A glitch that needs addressed before everyone hops on another social media bandwagon.
I got to meet new friends thank you.  =]
Very good
Its keeps crashing on my samsung tablet. I uninstalled and re installed and still the same problem please fix
I can't DO anything on fb from my tablet! Constantly closes randomly. Going to uninstall/reinstall AGAIN!  No response to emails.                  Now it's WORSE! Only stays on for about 10 seconds before it closes. Still no response to emails                       .Now it won't open at all after update and drained battery. I've had fb for 5 yrs and i have to Uninstall. Can't even get on to retrieve pics.
Love y'all
I hate all the constant updates and I really hate that I can't save it to my SD card. And I triple hate that I have to have the messenger app that I don't want. Please Please fix this so we can save the biggest file out there to a memory card. Please!
Keeps on clashing! I can't even open my notification it keeps clashing down!!!! It closes all the time grrrrr!!!  Fix it please.
Pictures won't load...freezing...not working right at all. Please fix ASAP...PLEASE!
Very good talk to your friends and stuff I like it
This was a great app now it just stops and shuts down. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling still does not work. Please fix.
App sucks. Wont stay open. FIX IT GUYS
IT'S AND OK App WHEN It's Working Properly...
Ever since the latest update everytime I click on the app it just stays at the starting facebook page...and it never starts up
Can't even log on!!!!!!!! Sucks
Eats up a lot of space in my internal storage..why does the apps size increases?&
Bug again wtf you enjoy the bug -.- every freaking time BTW in rate its 0 star. >:/
Uses to much memory and why separate messaging
Every time I open my app it shuts down by itself.
I just got a new Facebook update for my Samsung Tab 3- guess what- Facebook is worse than ever!! It does not work at all now. This is outrageous-Facebook has not worked on this tablet since the 4.4.2 android update- this is more than 2 months now. I am returning this tablet - I am now convinced that  Facebook will never work on this tablet. Shame on you Samsung- you just lost a customer.
it is not showing my pics & will not let me comment on someones page
Uhm, what happened?!!
After update.. itz open in previous version.. plz fix it
Will not stay open 
Have to force close this plus always telling me is not connected enough is enough fix it and leave it alone
display amazing.functionig also but browse slowly :(
Crashes when I go to Messenger and use other functions.
I have an HTC one m8 and the app always crashes after a few seconds and it not a minute or so but fix it and I'll give you guys more than 2 stars.
Why is it so difficult to log in
Since the update app closes on its own, news feed always says try again, pictures never load. Should I continue..... Please fix you app
always forceclose especially when i click my notification .. it always lag .. please fix it ..
I can't download this thing
App Updates to most recent posts & it sends you to the beginning. Even if you are watching a video & you have to start scrolling all over again. Posts don't stay in order. Will get a post 4 months past, in a current location. Contact pictures don't always sync.
Not the easiest way to navigate FB, especially when it comes to changing settings and audiences for your posts, definitely a successful piece of application coding.
Very fast for apps
New update locks up app.
Best
I really do not like the mobile version!
App won't stay open. After the latest update, the app closes and takes me to my phones home screen. Very aggravating.
Worst app EVER!!!
Doesn't work since update just closes even after uninstalling and reinstalled.  Boo for you
After the latest update my app keeps crashing after a minute of use. pLEASE fix asap!! Uninstalled and reinstalled and its STILL crashing. fix it!
Love
Unfortunately my facebook is always stopped
Updated version on Tab unstable!
Not responding
Day by day, more ad display.
It wont even let me install it!!
The app won't even stay open please fix this stuff man foreal
Great update.......
So since the update today if I comment on someone's post I could use to TURN OFF NOTIFICATIONS but now the drop down arrow has disappeared and either I don't comment on anything or have to get a notification on my phone of EVERYTHING that anyone else post on that same comment. Ugh !! Facebook keeps getting worse
Love Facebook
It's bad enough that they took messaging capability away in order to force everyone to download a separate app (which drinks battery life).  Now this update does the same thing,  and makes me consider just using my phone browser.  They not only fail to listen to their users,  they are making their apps more and more clunky and bloated.
Really don't like the fact that they are trying to force you to download a separate application for messaging! Not doing it, I'll figure out another way!
I miss being able to turn off notifications when I'm done with a post.
I can't keep the app open either.  I uninstalled it and reinstalled it but it won't work.
I hate this app
Still love you
Hate it
The one
Old version
laat update sucks all news feed are just now and notification also just now .. not any other time .. please fix
Thanks you've fixed asap the so long waited opening and always stacks of the previous version..
The app keeps on existing on it's own  when I check my notification and it's annoying
Mantap.......!
Good news
IT FREEZES AND FORCE STOP! FIX IT!
Come on, enable the most recent posts to show in the news feed by default... is this a joke?
Sllu aktif
Lovely
I like this but I don't like the way they have the timeline or the news feed setup because the way they have a set up is they show old statuses from aweeks ago or can be Sunday in they show old posts from Friday I don't like that I want to see what's new .what someone just posted in the right order . why is it called a timeline if it doesnt show the postings on my timeline in the right order? fix that please . but overall i like the app. I think it's pretty cool. would have gave it a five-star yall need fix
Can't use it.
Since the app updated it won't open nor "boot up " on my HTC desire 601.
It is very useful for all I can find my old friends get the pic , Videos it's too good ........
Love to hear how you can fix this
Scrolling down a few pages quickly hits a point where the whole app crashes.
Great app!Great way to connect with friends & family
I love face book... it helps me find my family and my old friendz and clsmtes.
Doesn't even work now, just shuts down when I go on the app. Sort it out!!!!!
Love the new look and it's staring to get even better :)
Can no longer click on someone's name to take me to their profile??? Galaxy S5
When i open the app it works but i scroll to my notifications or my messeges so it automatically shutdown  the app....i disliked  this fix it soon  even when i open facebook  messenger  its forcely get closed by it self
I might as well stayed with the feeling of it being outdate rather than not even being able to go on the stinkin app anyways AAARRRGGG
Good app
Slow download
App won't even stay open for 5 seconds before force closing most times. And now we have lost the ability to unfollow posts?!?!?! THIS SUCKS!!!
Just
it keeps closing when I go on messages or notification
Hate that I have to chase down "most recent" for my news feed or it pulls up posts from days before even if I never commented on them.
Don't appreciate not having the Facebook email anymore. Sucks!
Nice
This app is good
Stay open less than a minit,please fix this or we are not be able to excess  our fb account...
Bullshit. the day before  yesterday til my facebook app was working correctly when  i wiped my cell Galaxy Grand 2 and downloaded app facebook..after login click some tabs of the top row its stopped working  and closed app and it back to phone menu..even i upadated my cell firmware even not working..the same problem on messenger  too evertime I login its give error message  "unfortunately  messenger has stopped " please solve it fast... :(
On my tablet I get error loading news feed on 4G and wifi but not on my phone.
Awesome...
Seriously it shuts down every 30secs what the hell is wrong with this updated version!!!!
can't block ppl anymore... shows me stuff i've never subscribed for... uninstalled the app...using browser version now...
Does not play videos automatically and the feature is on
Since the update, nothing loads.. Or is super super slow!!
As usual you never failed me FB, Flawless on my device lenovo a3000h! Android 4.2. I don't know why some folks have negative feedback on your update. No problems at all in my device.
Goooooood
Will they ever get this thing right?!
Too slow
Awesome !
For close on messages and notifications. Deleting...
This last update is worse than the last two, when i open fb, it automatically close after two seconds and return to my home page, I opine that the developers do not read these comments. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. 10.1
Enjoy and like it
Whats on your mind mmm Rupert the bear feather dusters and fiery s yes you will get on Facebook?
But loads slowly
Too many permissions and uses too many resources. Seriously 130mb+ running in the background all the time?! Uninstalled both this and the messenger app.
It keep stopping each time I switch to notifications, massaging, or friend requests, it gives me a sudden shutdown,,, I thought it's because of my phone,, it's because of the app,  please fix it ASAP 
I was having problems with Facebook before the newest update 14/10/2014. It's even worse it won't let me do anything, it closes down everytime. "NOT HAPPY JAN!!"           Update: 30/10/2014 With today's update, I can't even get into fb. Every time I try to do anything it shuts down. I have uninstalled it. Might try to re-install it. It might help (but, I seriously doubt it).
It constantly crashes and sometimes i cant even open the app without it crashing
Gy
It keeps taking me out of the app fix it please
The app won't even open anymore. I guess your "Improvements for speed and reliability" wasn't for the app, but for our personal time. After all I find myself on time and more reliable now that I'm not late to somewhere because I was catching up on my news feed.
Stop using your stupid in app browser it sucks just open the phones browsers
I can go a minute without Facebook I love it
Need it to be simple..
Keeps forclosing
Who doesn't love it?
Not downloading video.. And no moving to sd card.
Could you pls give me a link to download the Facebook v17 with file size of 20.05Mb. Because its the most stable update I got used to. Thank you.
It don't want to download
Facebook app won't open; just flashes white light on and off.  Really disturbing.  I can open it with Google though. I'm going to uninstall and re-install. If it doesn't work again,  I'm done!
Every time I click on message or nonfiction, then it crash everytime
It took a while but they finally got it working pretty well
It's functional and does what it's supposed to. No complaints but no praises either.
Since last update it now sucks. Keep getting error message that it cant load. I uninstall, reinstall works for a bit and starts doing it again... Tired of uninstalling and reinstalling  on my iPad. Please fix your problem!!!
The only reason why I have the app is tag friends in comments. Something that can't be done in the mobile browser version.
The new update sucks
When watch video or picture...so annoying.
We should not have to download to different things just to send pictures and text messages to other people if we wanted to do that we would just download. Instagram and kik(messanger)
I like it
I dont like this application coz always stoping and I open  it again
Keeps closing on me. Worse with new update.
This is all weak
The speed is fasr
A good app to use...
1. Hate the embedded browser. 2. Ads everywhere. 3. We need most recent news feed. I don't like the feeling you control what to be viewed or not
Can't even open the app now since the new update. Thanks!
Valbuza
It closes every time I click to see my messages
Cuz I get to call my friends at school
Good app
App will not stay open!
Crashed. Go back to your dorm room and figure this out
I don't know what's going wrong with Facebook before I never encountered such trouble .I'm afraid to say I'm experiencing bad.
They removed chat.
To many problems can't play games. Freezing  , stopping, all kinds of stuff happening I deleted waited days to come back and the same things still going on not happy at all.
Why in the world would you add some features while at the same time take away features? Like taking the "turn off notifications" option away. This makes no sense to me...
Took up a lot of space, was incredibly slow app even when checking data connections and using WiFi. Couldn't even load notifications in a timely manner, and just forget about friend requests from people. I waited 10 minutes on a WiFi connection to add someone.
Sucks now! The new update force closes every time I open it! Can't even use it.
Leeg tama
best
Its hangs many times
Lots of trouble, can't keep it logged in.
This is Awesome
I don't like that you removed the ability to turn off notifications on posts you've commented on. Please bring that back.
Very very poor you really need to sort it out i can't even download anything that you are so slow and it shuts itself off
Now it shows forever it doesn't. What a face ?? ????? ??
Nce            .
Y
Every time I click on something it just closes down
Cannot upload photos with new update
This app with open buy as soon as it does it closes again fix this!! Its outrageous!
Really soooooo bad i can't open my notifications or messages the application shuts down .the new update damaged facebook totally plz fix it quickly
Really anoying the app wont stay open for longer than 20 seconds them shuts down not happy
Links to other websites people post rarely work since new update....and slooooow. Awful again, but now for different reasons.
who else keeps saying package something x
I would love request that anyone can see my public post but cannot share it not unless he/she is on my friendslist. Some of the people are sharing my pics with a bad or rude caption on it. Please do something about this. Most specially the cover photos which we can't change from public to just friends to look at it. Thanks!!! Hope you take time on my request. God bless!!!.
Face book  I  HAVE  TWO ACCOUNT  ..DELETE  ONE ONE BALLON   DONOT  LIKE
The new update is good,fast and excellent.I'm gonna love this.
I can't go on my msg on this new update
It has been amazing
Opens,  then closes right away..  I wish I could rate this no stars
This app consumes so much ram it is stupid to have it open
Please fix this. It crashes constantly.
Totly
Didn't even stay on fb
My app won't work all of a sudden. Everything else on my phone works except for this POS app. UPDATE: Every time I click a link someone has shared, it kicks me off of both Facebook AND the link.
Closes/crashes all the time.  Also sucks up way to much of my valuable free time
Please fix, cz after I install the latest updates, my android getting slower.
Always exits; the older version works
No chat
Love it for my Droid razor maxx, it doesn't have everything that fb offers but pretty close!             I've since updated to a Samsung S5.  I have continued to use this same fb app. Granted there are several things I can't do that I can on the desktop version.  But overall it's pretty handy. I will check out the new upgrades and hope they didn't screw up a good thing and see if it's better than it was.  I'll update in a few weeks!
Sucks can't sign in
Since you updated app I cant open it. It just says Setting up.... You ruin app :-P
It is so slow..freezes up...just plain crummy...
I get on for not even a few seconds and its closing please fix asap
Bahhhhh
Great!! New look.
Ok
App is not running properly automatic it stops working
I love Facebook it's a good way for me to keep in contact with My family
Hmm. Newsfeed stinks. More ads than ever before. Standalone messenger. Half of the pages I follow don't show up in newsfeed. And now it is full of dead links....click on someone's tagged  name or page and nothing happens. You now have to go and physically look up the page or person. It is rapidly becoming nonfunctional.
App will not stay open and I can't post or comment
Please make this app to where we can store to SD card!! plzzz thank u lol
The new facebook update.Will not stay open..I alway have to delete it den download it again for it to open again
Easy too use gr8 app thnks to fb..:)
Wont even start after this latest update. SAMSUNG S4. Click on messenger and it crashs. Really?
Just downloaded the app and can't see my news feed, this issue needs to be fix.
Timeline feed is all screwed up... can't turn off your notifications anymore.  So pretty much can't inquire about an item or subject without your notifications being blown up with every other msg... stop trying to FK with it. Sh1t...
This new update keeps closing the app abruptly while I'm scrolling down through the news feed. Please fix.
Hated it
I can't keep the app open. Its worse
Crashes on my Galaxy Tab 3, constantly.
this update realy annoying make everything load slow
Works great better visual then going to the browser!!!!
Love to
i can't open immediately... it so irritated...
I Love it  alot
Every time I try to click on something the app shuts off!!! Can't even scroll the news feed!! Tried to uninstall and reinstall and it still does not work!!! COME ON ADMINISTRATORS...GET IT RIGHT!!!!
App will not stay open now that I upgraded to the newest version.... Makes me want to deactivate my account...
Great way to keep in touch with friends and family
Great app
Too heavy
Yes
Bad update! Keeps closing while i am using and gettin notifications on unchecked notice
This app for Android is slow or too much info for the system.
Love Facebook
I can't even upload a profile pic??!!
Freezes ALOT
Latest update cause app to shut down. Shame on you.
Cool
keeps giving connection lost...despite i am connected to wifi
Good
Grrr
Takes forever to load anything!!!
i uninstalled the app since its not working. the install it again, then when i tried to log in, its telling me "you internal memory is getting low" so i did uninstall all the apps ive downloaded, guess what!?? its still not working! whats wrong with you?
The Sony Xperia Z Ultra was garbage. I'm back on Team Samsung. Facebook is great.
It never works
Very slow opening now after update!! Get like 3 or 4 seconds of a blue screen with the logo, then another 2 of buffering, may sound petty but it's awful and never did that before
Even after the update today I can't access Close Friends news feed.
App keeps closing on me!! I'm missing my important posts!!! Get a few posts  down & it stops!! 
Update sucks! Also every time I hit the back button to close the application it's still running in the background which I hate I have always go in Active Application and close it from there please fix this soon
New version cant intall some 24 error what it is now I cant use fb coz of this problem                          whats the 24 errr ?
Last update suck please fixed
please fix your app, because when I click the picture is too large in lanscape mode. please do not release a new update. I'm tired of updates
Super
Nothing loads, app is completely worthless. Great if you want to quit Facebook though!
Just white screen on my xperia acro s
Worked great then it stopped letting me log in?! Its so aggravating. Keeps telling me to log in through a browser so a do and still NOTHING. Stupid.
I got  to  much  girls
Since last updated, it will not close by hitting the back button like it used to, it will stay open in the memory and eat up the battery, shame on you fb, instead of fixing bugs, you're creating more
This app sucks. It can't even be open for longer than 30 seconds!
Finally Facebook get privet web browsing to open link without go to chrome i love the new update
I have been having trouble logging in has anyone else been having this problem?  if so where you able to logg in? if yes how?
Thought it was only me, keeps shutting out of app randomly. Usually a few seconds after
You can keep in touch with friends and family
I have a Samsung Galaxy 3 10.1 tablet.   Since the last upgrade,  FB crashes continually.   I have tried uninstalling/reinstalling,  clearing the FB and partition cache,  and as a last resort a factory reset.   Nothing has fixed the issue,  so the problem is with the 19.0.0.28.14 upgrade.   Please fix! !
Good
It works.
Again n again crashing,,,, what the hell is this app.
Fun app but just watch out for parents
App will not stay open at all after update, 5 stars when i can get back to normal.
I don't want Facebook to decide what they think are the top posts. Just make Most Recent the default news feed.
New updates r totaly rubbish
Bad
When their shave Sheba herb whenever
The app is good but it's in need of a new look. Also, it needs to go back to where you have the choice to see either most recent or top stories, other than that it's been a great app
Can't upload photo
This update is not compatible with the Samsung Galaxy S5.  Test your updates before pushing it out to millions of customers!  Who hires these people???
the message is moved to messenger my phone is full of apps.. i don't like messenger its makes my storage full..                              fix it & i will rate it again 5 star..
Facebook app doesn't want to load onto my android phone. This sucks big time!
I seem to not be able to stop getting notifications from specific posts anymore. Why does this app always seem to remove features that are helpful?
Galaxy Tab
But I Absolutely Hate This
Ok nd whatever
Sticks on the load screen saying "Setting up Facebook"
i need to uninstall all updates coz i cant open my inbox or comment even posting... i need to log it in browser... why this app is unuseful now... updates are getting worst
Won't stay open
Facebook was absolutely fineeeeee the first time ever ¨ªt was launched.Everything thats happened afterwards has slowed up and degraded Facebook. Displeased!!

won't let me go in my messages
Why do I have to close this app by force close now?? So when I back out, instead of closing, you just keep running and eating up all my data. Wtf Facebook, get it together for once!!
What you need to do is to restart this app from scratch... it has so many bugs and glitches it has become impossible to fix it. The majority of us don't need the fancy stuff like stickers or playing videos in app. All we want is to be able to read and comment status and see pictures without the app stopping every 30 seconds... something simple. You complicate yourselves.
It suck u can't even keep the page on keep closing
talk about being a battery hog...and messenger? dont even install
Instead of changing features, why don't you try making it load faster and prevent it from force closing?
Won't run on my tablet.
I love this app. I don't think it needs any improvements, other that the fact it won't stay open.
App crashes and shuts itself down since the new update. Every time I go to view my notifications the app closes.
Just updated yesterday now my news feed wont do anything
Its bulls*** it stays open for 5 seconds. FIX IT
Just updated the app, and it still crashes... very close to deleting the app.
Why images not save in mob:-)
Propperly on the pulse, the pinnacle of multimedia by far and away the best. Cs its FREE and always will be. :-) this update better not let the side down. Bad reviews city or wot! 1¡ï's everywhere?
If I could give no stars I would this app sucks...
Ed & Cookie Solt
Love it
This app keeps on looging out my credentials. Tried uninstalling it for three times still the same. I dob't know whats wrong with these updated apps today.
Albums cant load, it restarting the app
Not able to turn comment notification off... Was able to before update. Suxckkkaasss
Facebook
This is the worst update ever.
Great
Mobeen
Always crashing
Every time I go in my notifications or try to upload a picture it closes
Keeps forcing close. Fix the issues
Ali
The only problem I have with the new update is that my profile won't load at all. I'll have full 4GLTE or full Wi-Fi and it still won't load.
The app is totally damaged. Won't stay open for few seconds! A "reliable update"?  u serious?
This app is taking up way too much data and internal memory on my phone which is causing my phone to vrash. It's even adding over 50 MB of data spontaneously after I clear the app of all data. I'm about ready to delete the app all together unless you get this under control.
New. Update is suck
can you add top comments. im one of those ppl who scroll through them and its annoying to pull up mobile website to do that
After a while of not being on Facebook, I've realized that the app force closes on its own due to the new update. It seems i may have to uninstall it but my games are linked to it so Idk...
One word for service, satisfaction and communication- pathetic.
Gud
That's greets
Everything I need to keep in touch with family and friends is right here.
its not working well
It's alright, but it gobbles memory and slows my phone so uninstalled and just login from my browser. Works just as well with consuming memory.
How do I turn off the ween browser? Stop adding unwanted features with out an easy opt out.
FACEBOOK
It keeps shutting down
I dont think theres a significant change. Just the same.
Messages won't open it crashes every time I try
A few updates ago they took away the built-in Android menu for sharing pictures (choosing between galleries and the camera) and replaced it with "Camera Roll," making me have to scroll through EVERY picture I had in reverse chronological order to get to the one I wanted to post (what if I saved a meme 3 months ago?).   Fine.  Got past it.  But NOW I try to scroll back more than 2 weeks and the whole application CRASHES EVERY TIME. I restarted the application,  restarted the phone...same problem.
Stupid facebook wont even stay open with my tablet thanks for nothing up grade SUCKS!
Gets me out when trying to see notifications or requests
This is the worst app would not even let me download. This is crazy. So I kept trying and after three days downloaded then kept closing me out when I don't even press home this sucks and is extremely slow. OMG someone please fix even though you probably wont . But ow well
My pokes will not load.
Ruleing the world silently.  Im Counting the days until google will buy facebook and then all shell be doomed
Keeps crashing
Since the most recent update every time I pull up facebook or go back to the newsfeed it automatically takes me to playstore due to a dumb candy crush invite someone sent me for the hundredth time.
Amazing amazing!
Crashes in less than 10 seconds EVERY time. Can't even use on my Samsung Galaxy tab 3. It actually works great on my phone a Motorola Moto X. But until this issue is resolved for my tablet I am only giving it 1 star. Fix it and I will edit my review to reflect how well it works on my phone! Just did an update...still useless!
I kept on getting interupted and lose what i was reading each time theres a new feed... I would have to scroll back down and search for the story again. Please fix it, it's really annoying.
App used to be pretty good. Got updated & dropped to "okay". Updated again & dropped  to awful. Downloaded the most recent update and now the app just closes upon opening, rendering it absolutely useless! Way to go. Can't use on Galaxy Tab 3 any more. Why bother?
It is not OPENING?????
Bring it back please.
Made the mistake of downloading the last two updates and now videos will not play. Please fix. If not fixed i will dump this app for good. Tired of all the issues i have with it.
I love Facebook but one of the icons says mine is canceled which I don't understand.
Improve video uploading feature and video sharing feature from other web sites.
Perfect
Always broken for phones. Still dosent have a search  box in groups.
I cant see the notification that people send me or red message always close when I try to check the message or a notification ...Please help me to go back to old Facebook please this os terrible new update
Won't stay open after the new update !!
Can not open any more kicks me off..update sucks thanks a lot poor service
This app sucks. Won't stay open, closes after a couple of seconds on my Galaxy Tab 3. Someone fix ASAP!!!!!!
Goood
Facebook
Can't even open up any of the windows and keeps saying time out!! Freaking frustrating!!
Good
I get booted off ALL THE TIME , as soon as I open it or look at a post it boots me off. Come on can't you guys fix this or hire someone that is capable of correcting the issue. From the looks of all the other post Im not so sure!!
Still keeps closing unexpectedly. please publish update!
Not too private
It's awesome.
Good
Great app
I don't know what's going on, but I when I try uploading pictures, the app takes me back to the screen I was on before. It's getting frustrating... Please fix!!!
Facebook
It takes sooooo long load.
You nailed it! This is the worst app ever.
It so bad , it"s quickly shut down when i open it, so try to fix this problem
Unable to click on any names that appear on my fb page,i have to manualy search for them.
Since the new update I cannot click into photos,  this is quite annoying as you can't zoom up on photos
I love it
All this app dose is constant lag skipping and hops fells like running your finger across rubber fix it!! Samsung galaxy s4
facebook bostinha
New update wont load my newsfeed
Won't open
It WAS an awesome app, but with all these updates and space I hardly have room for the apps i want! I mean come on now I understand u want us to be fully updated with the ultimate package but its not happening!
Stop updating. It seems like it gets worse with every update and it only updates when im using it which of course closes the app each time. It was fine the way it was accept the single sign on or requesting access to my pictures every time I log in.
Feel life
Cool
Ok
Recent update is awesome, so far lol
Hay don't tell me i have to start my f.b all over?
When i open notification the app is close by itself and i don't know how i can fix this problem
I will not give this app 5 stars until most recent is the default feed and until I can easily edit lists on the app, like when I accept new friends.
Google!!! Why do you insist on white backgrounds!?! Its terrible and lights up the whole room!! Make the backgrounds black and the text white!!
Nin zin may
What is 497?
You want access to what???
Why when ever I try to open up Facebook, or messenger it closes back, what's going on?
It's  ok
Sucks. Can't stay on facebook,  keeps pushing out. I can't see notifications or messages.
Thus used to be a decent app... USED TO BE. Constant unnecessary updates make it unreliable & no one seems to care about user feedback because they NEVER listen
Keeps kicking me out and can't check mail or anything please fix
Please fix.. keeps crashing. Can't view pictures and videos most of the time.
You say it update but nothing being update and still no improvement
Useless, it freezes then closes, pointless installing it cos you can't view anything
Amir 147741
The new update is garbage. If you can't do it right then don't do it. I want the old app back !!
It's always force closing
Sucks
The update crashes on a tab3 before I can read anything, really annoying, have tried common fixes to no avail. Facebook please undo the new features or give us an option to back to an earlier version!!!!
I cannot understand why it forcecloses everytime i open it, i think the longest time it has been open is only for a minute ?! So, can you please fix it? It sucks!
This version keeps crashing on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
The stupid update makes it close if I click anything that doesn't have to do with the news feed. What the heck!!! I have notifications and messages I can't check! Everything with the app runs slower as Well! I NEVER give reviews but this is bugging me so bad I actually am here typing this. That in itself says alot. Fix ASAP!!!!
With the Samsung galaxy  it always crash, i cannot use it at all. This is since a few updates ago.
App Doesn't work afta the new update..
Well i'm practically keeping up with my friends through facebook
Fix stutter.
Seriously. Do you even read the comments and reviews. So far I've only seen at most one positive. And other was only a three-star rating. Are these thing even called IMPROVEMENTS. I'd say...
It keeps force shutting down, even after the latest update. Can't even use it on my tablet anymore, what's going on?!
I''ve had to uninstall and install this app so many times....it's rediculous
Won't let me go on chats or open messenger
Keeps crashing, won't stay open. 
Jesus my lord
love it but it is quite big
Wow no questions always best
Stop changing it.  Hate the new commenting
I love facebook. It is so simple to use and you are always in the loop with uour friends, and the games are synced with your friends so they can help you. Iy is great. Thank you
It closes very time I check my notifications. Weak as heck and someone needs to fix it!!
Only one star because facebook is forcing people to install facebook messenger!
Its terrible
Its good make u stay connected to love ones
I can check my notifications.
Won't load messages or notifications, keeps auto closing.
New update doesn't even work, constantly closing then not loading at all .. so useless .. All that money and you make the app work!
Good
Great better than twitter to me
The latest update basically killed my LG G3 performance. Had to uninstall. Update resulted in almost a 3 minute startup where after I uninstalled I was back to about 40 seconds.
It wont open and wont stop force closing now I need 2 apps what the fu<%
Loved it
Won't close since last update, have to use task manager.
Great way to share photos and what's happening with our family who is scattered all across the USA.
Facebook is stupid slow and takes up to much space
I can no longer watch videos keeps sayin an unknown error has occured wth FIX THIS or fire your NOT so smart IT guy!!!
Stop!
broken heart
It works perfectly but it forces you to download messenger even if you don't want it
Very nics
Notification problems
Won't open pages when clicking on names.
Tmen" yg tr sayang aku pengen bahagia...
It has gotten alot better
Better than before....
Ok
O.0
facebok
It's ME! !
New update made Facebook very sucks 
It's Facebook. Meh.
Cannot turn off (or on) notifications on posts since the update. The toggle is completely missing >:|
Crashing quite often
Rajesh kahar
It auto closes when I am trying to do something, needs a second app to talk to Ppl in messages, stops responding and causes my phone to crash when I am doing anything other than facebook (including calling Ppl which is what phones are for), has new updates every other week maxing out my memory... The list continues but I will just stop there...  After the past 32 updates and it only got worse after each one I uninstalled this app...  Bravo facepuke..   Your existence has become boring... Goodbye
U no I love it
Keeps closing by itself ... Need help...
Notification keeps crashing
Works fine then you force me to update it and now I can't see any pictures my friends post just a grey screen
Tot mai slaba aplicatia
Amazing
There is serious bug in the app. The app get closed automatically now and then. FB team check this at once.
This is a nightmare fb was working just fine till you uploaded the new one..When I log into fb and I click on the world Web my phone takes me out of fb..No longer can I make a comment from alerts. Please fix this issue. Seriously your gonna have lotz of angry people and right now I'm one of them..
The news feed shows the same posts over and over as you keep scrolling down..and when I go to most recent it doesn't show all of my friends posts..really get mad when I waste data and battery scrolling and seeing and not seeing posts
I have very few people that are on my Facebook mostly family members who like to see where I check in at the end of my running as I drive a truck for a living.
It keep closing in the middle of me uploading and commenting it gets me mad
The app automatically shut down soon as you get on to
Ali shahid 11
In my grand 1 everythings are ok and fast...
Well this her daughter love fb
Stays running in the background even after closing the app. Never used to do that til recent update
Wow
Why i can't download facebook on my phone
This is a nightmare fb was working just fine till you uploaded the new one..When I log into fb and I click on the world Web my phone takes me out of fb..No longer can I make a comment from alerts. .Please fix this issue. Seriously your gonna have lotz of angry people and right now I'm one of them..
Exellent
Resource management guys..... Do something to make this app to stop slowing down ma phone (i am gonna hibernate for now)
No good
Ok
Every update has not allowed us to make or adjust a setting to make your news feed be able to default to "Recent" rather then always defaulting to "Top Stories". Wish facebook actually read their comments.
Love it
Huhuhu
What was this update meant to do?
Keeps on closing for no reason...not impressed
Baloch
Crashes all the time won't stay open
It's a cool app but It miss up on u later trust me I had a hard time
Getting better...
I can't load pics or see my news feed anymore!!! Fix plz!!!!
This app was fine until the recent update. Now I can't upload pictures or videos, it just takes me back to my news feed when I select the photo I want to upload. Sort it out
If i could only post a comment without a star, i would... I thought this update is to fix bugs and lags.. Fail! It's even worst now! Takes too long to launch then crashes after minutes of waiting... Freezes all the time.. Won't let me view the profile of my friend from Messenger by choosing View Profile, it just freezes then crashes... I don't usually comment like this but it's really annoying... Come on, fix this mess ASAP.... And WOW!!! i just tried to share this review on Facebook, guess what? IT FROZE!!
The main problem I have is when I'm scrolling my news feed, it refreshes itself to the beginning of the news feed. It's annoying
Spring onion
Wonderfull,
lagging a lot.. news feeds are taking a lot of time and not showing at all.. overall whole app is lagging.. nothing happning.. jusy keep loading
Love it
Facebook does not stay open.  Flash back to home screen.
Hate it
New version
Dear admin solve the problem of fb or delete your apps from play store
It just returns tablet to home page useless why did you change it contacted you but you never answered samsung said its your issue
It's ok to much privacy concerns but whatever.
Still experiencing this when i go to the most recent news feed,the app automatically exit. Not able to use FB since updating it. Hoping it will be fixed.
Me nd u
Doesn't sort news feed witth newest first.why do you insist on not showing most recent posts I already read what happened Thursday at 3:53 no matter how many likes or comments it has.or how important you think that post is I know I now can find it on the right side why not just make it the default.
No pics will load, they are all just blank!
Boots me off when reading a news article....fix plz
Good
App won't even stay open for 5 seconds before force closing. All the "updates" are ruining the app. Galaxy Note 3.
Old version was far better.!! Half of the pictures r not opening both on 3g and wifi network.. Plz fix the problem as soon as possible.
Cant live without it
Technical issues lately. Having to reinstall
The app is so shady now! It keeps kicking me out! And it will only scroll through a a few post before it freaks out. Figure it out!
Eaxlent but msgs can't open, they opening in Facebook massager only...
New update ruined the application, am not able to open facebook for more than 2 seconds what's going on? It is shutting down automatically every time I try to open it
on my lava iris 406q it does runs well no issue at al...as other users have mentioned
Crashes all the time
Hate it bcz i am not able to open my notifications nd msgs plss help me anyone plss in need of help
When I open the notification it close please fix it fast :(
ranawat
crashes too often is annoying
I like Facebook
It doesnt work on my micromax canvas viva a72 . Always show invalid package file while downloading from play store
Keep getting better. Although  not using the messenger app thingy. It let's me see my messages without it((: #satisfied-
If it even loads at all.  I even did a reset on my phone BC I thought it was my phones issue BC it  screwed my entire internet up for all apps!
This is so trash update.. this update of new version made me so annoyed.. it cant even stay open longer.. can you pls fix it for us.. if i only i could put no star.. ill do it..
Great social network
Loving it
Please stop recommending me the same 3 people to be friends with! It is annoying and I really don't want any contact with those people!
Cant view messages? Im not gonna install another app jus to view message. What is next huh fb? View friend request in another app? View notification in another app too?? This is BS!
I can't even use the app, automatically shutdown...
Facebook
Typical. So many 1 stars and demand for the messenger to be added back to the app. Still nada. 
Fckoff fb!! Update again!!! Now i cant open my chat box..uninstall and reinstall but still the same..alwaya been stop!! And i wont download the fb messenger app..its annoying me...
Cool
I hate it when I was wondering if you are not the intended recipient
So are we going to see a material design update and the near future?
Good
Pushpa
In News Feeds WOrk PrOprly But When I Try TO Open NOtificatiOn Fb ClOses Its Self TO The Menu :(, Plx Fix It..
Closes as soon as it opens or shortly after it opens.
Love the new update with material design.
Go
Esta mejor k nunca
I don't want links to the web to open in Facebook's browser. Your browser is bad, I didn't choose it. Why did I have to dig for the option that opts me out of something that should be opt in? OH WAIT THIS IS FACEBOOK!
This app has always been buggy but now I can't even scroll down more than 10 posts in my newsfeed before it force closes.  Not cool Facebook, not cool...
Can open anything or make a comment keeps dropping me out and have to reopen. New updates stink
News feed needs to be most recent, not this jumbled mess.
Updated now closed automaticly
Keeps shutting down when trying to upload photo's. Needs sorting fast.
Come on Facebook. The problems after an update are ridiculous. And not getting any better. Not much of an update.
I wish i could give it zero stars. It's terrible now. I'll be scrolling thru my newsfeed, and it will automatically go back to the top. It will show posts from days and days ago, and not load the new stories.
Just don't stay there forever. Remember you have a life to live.
it closes.... :(
Bad and slow
New update sucks. I don't want to see stuff from weeks ago, I want to see stuff from today. Whoever keeps making these 'improvements' should have been fired years ago, each 'improvement' has been worse. Bring back the messaging feature
Kashmeer ki azadi
I want the option back to view most recent posts first. Can't stand the random order like it is now.
Supper
take to long to load
What a *uck, am starting to hate this sh*t. I must decrease the stars a gave u.. Aaarrgghh!!! Force close! Force close!! :@
Fb hasn't worked right since the upgrade. .. I get a new one every day and each day it sucks more. Get it right.
Crashes when i try to do anything. The new update made it worse.
Mynew fb
Always freezing
Please add edit option for all posts and comment on this app. All other things are working properly.
Ok
With new update will not even open app before it closes on you. Liked the older version. Can you fix this please! I mean really....its ridiculous.
Grate way to stay in touch with family and friends, while keeping up with what's new and going on around the world
Nobody wants your freakin messager so stop asking! I will boycott this horrible idea for a website!
Since recent update, app is constantly closing. Cannot navigate round facebook without it closing. Please fix this.
Good.
Dont work at all
Good
Why is it so difficult to log in
Massive bloatware & extremely intrusive. Forced contact sync without telling us & latest update leaves the app running after it's been closed. Force stop every time. Worst update I've encountered yet
aplu  715
Cant see updates it resets
This updated and now i cant use it. What a crappy app i hope they fix the issue soon
I haven't seen any changes with this new update. You know, cause it keeps crashing when it launches.
Nice Update look very Good
Wont stay open . Shuts down after scrolling down for about 10 seconds. Please fix it.
I installed the latest update,and now the Facebook app refuses to open.  Fix please!  This is ridiculous!
Its shuts down time and again, everytime i open it shuts down..pls facebook fix this thng
I'm having issues with stuff disappearing on screen when I try to comment on posts.
The app kept closing down. . Please get it fixed
Sucks! shows old posts in my feed and Facebook needs a better design and needs to be tablet opitmized also apps don't link to the Facebook app only website version.
I really like this app but I rather have my newsfeed be updated to my most recent its just a small adjustment that needs to be made move the right side of the search to the left side and move the right side to left side for your most recent posts and I'll give this app five stars
I want to see new newsfeed not newsfeed from 5 days ago
It Sucks,big time!
App always says news feed up to date when it isn't as some posts hours old and be good to get your other messages
This app did not show any thing so what was the point of being on Facebook if you would not see any thing on your phone ... Waste of time for this thing to open
They've improved this app a lot, wnd I'm happy with it. It would be nice if I could view my messages in my "other" folder... like I can on my pc... Sometimes it repeats comments.
Fucken shit
loading picturessssss...super slow!!!!
7071569452123456
Application sucks. Always force closes. I want the old version back.
Owsum
Bullshit its not working in my s3 when i open it its crashed after 10 sec
I dont want to download your fuckin facebook messenger app. I want to chat from the same app
Exalent
The app wont let me do anything it just closes itself
Absolutely pathetic.  Doesn't connect or load newsfeed
Its wow
Great app.love keeping in touch with family
A genius application.
Rubbish
The login page looks awesome
Fantastic
Automatically closed not even stay open till 10 seconds what the hell are going after update
Ever since I updated the app closes whenever I click on comments button.  WTF??!!!?
Everytime, I want to go somewhere, out of news feed, it stuck, and go back to the opening screen of my phone, irritated.
Don't get trapped
Some features on web aren't available on app that's the only downside overall good app.
Cannot download again..why???
Shut off by itself...doesn't let me check my comments bc is just randomly shut off
It's update is not good. It's automatically shut down . Please don't update your Facebook app.
I Love you facebook
Good job guys
Facebook
Pictures from posts on web links aren't showing in my news feed again... Just gray boxes... It's a shame.
Excellent
Just dont like the feeds .. it should give most recent , otherwise its a top app
X tau
So still after the new update it still doesn't show my notifications and it still force closes. I have to use the Web browser to do anything sooooo what's the point in having the app. FIX IT!
I keep getting kicked off when trying to check comments
Great
Samsung tablet ...app closes within seconds of opening it
Love face book
Very nice
Nice
Title
My phone can't download it
Since the update it crashes very quickly, and pages load incredibly slow. Scrolling has a major slowdow  in response and the whole experience just sucks these days. Perhaps i should try google plus .. :(
Can't download the app
Congratulations Facebook
its automatically off
Uses half your phone's memory, ridiculous forcing it upon users. I don't want FB forced into my life via phone notification every 2 minutes....
Ooooooooo
Aku dan dia
The current update of facebook is extremely bad! It is showing me "no posts to show" ,which is impossible.i even checked my net connection which is working proper.overall the experience is bad.instead of simplifying things,the update has complicated things
'Nuff said
Thanks for forcing me into this update. Nothing is where I'm use to it being, and I can't stand the top news being the default feed. I don't want to see things that happened weeks ago, that shouldn't even be an option. I want to see things in chronological order and they took away the option to make that the default setting. The notifications window is annoying too. I hate these stupid updates, please stop.
Munazzah
I don't want to download your messenger with all your intrusive code.
Great app
I was thinking the update was useless. Reset the phone and worked app worked better.
What the hell did you just do?? Its not funny at all...tell us if you wont allow us to use FB anymore...cant even access it properly.,cant even see who wanted to be friend of me,cant even see my inbox..its not a funny joke man...i badly need my inbox!!!!!
I like this
Its ok
I can't even keep the app open. Messenger will kick me off too. It's a horrible update if ask me !!!!!!!!!
Last update was hopeless I hope this one is more reliable .
Gud
Try resetting your phones, please before blaming the updates and developers... Tsk3
This the continuous message I get....when opened
Iam very love and like my fb.facebook is only one famous social network site in the world. Thanks to all.
Still can't access my messages within the Facebook app. I don't want a downgrade.
Very good
A lot of bugss and slow response
When i start to watch posted or shared videos it freezes my phone and after that it crashes fix it please it is getting worst .
Just crashed after every 5 mint. ...
why is the app closing with out u closing it and logging me out. Can you fix it please and please when will this be done
Everytime im clickin on the notifications or messages it goes off and on to my home screen... its the same with messager as well
It's ok I love Facebook
I'm ingoing
Life
useful
Force close poor
Many kind people , pics , family & friends
EGG
This some bullshit. It keeps throwing me out.....wtf?!
It could be better.
Outstanding
Nice
Wtf I cant see my messges it takes me home
Keeps closing app and going to home page
Dosnt load news feeds while i got a good connection apple got better version than ths..
news feed won't load.... and when I try to go to more section my news feed will show up when it's not supposed to. stop with the constant updates and start focusing on problems that need to be fixed...
It's Ok, but..it crushes itself.
I don't know but whenever i open this app it says that it is crashed because of token error¡­and once it logged in with an ID it will never log in with another ID¡­Why?
Great app.
Friends.
Please solve this error i am facing too much difficulty please and resolve it as soon as possible thanks
Nothing is perfect. There is always room for improvement.  Why would someone want to use messenger? To much information  given on these sites.
Don't like news feed returns to top don't like I have to have messenger app to send im's to many things are changing for the worse want to much of my information getting ready to delete my page.
Boss
Ever since recent updates, this uses an incredible amount of memory and DESTROYS your battery!! Was even notified by 'clean memory app' of this, but already knew it.
Download.
Latest update of Facebook inbuilt browser is awesome. ***** stars
Sodi1234
Nicely created and very useful when comes the question of getting notifications asap. However, if the internal memory occupied by this app. can be reduced, it will be awesome.
The new update really sucks.
00000
Default news feed SHOULD be MOST RECENT
It consumes a lot of memory now. Old one was gud
Facebook
You've got bilion downloads beacause this app doesn't work and everyone uninstalls it and installs again and they don't know what i happening!!!
Great
Vandematram, Jai-Hind, Jai-Bharat ...!!!
love it
Did not even get to see anything, I've only got so many one moment then I give up
When i play video fb exit what is this please help me
Like
Bad update
GREAT APP JUST DRAINS MY BATTERY
Perfect
I can't turn off notifications from the page thats popping up in my news feed unless I go to the main fb page and go look for the pic/status. I don't care about half the stuff that keeps popping up in my news feed after I like and comment on it. Please change it back to where I can turn off notifications from the page that I liked or commented on so it won't keep popping up in my news feed.
Nice
Wonder
Whenever I used to open Facebook my phone screen becomes white and then after 10 seconds it used to stop automatically. Always when I logout my account then Facebook get crashes and again when I open it then firstly it shows session expired and gets logged out and again I have to logged in again. Please solve this problem as soon as possible as after every update Facebook is getting worse.
Can't get on fb or anything it's stupid !!!!
Now it crashes every 5 minutes on Xperia Z2
OMG this app is so awesome sauce! It helps me stay in touch with my baes. Totes Amazeballs people!
Facebook
Good
Stupid update, now I can't turn off notifications on posts I commented on... I have to go find them on the page and then turn them off...
#the newer version -Stops responding most of the time...crashes!!!                                     #there shouldn't be any constraints for posting only 1:1 size photo in profile pictures!
It's great
New update won't even let me log in...app is useless now.
Please stop automatically refreshing my feed. It's very frustrating. By the time I'm done watching a video, I go back and the original post cannot be found. Also,  since this update I cannot post picture comments. Why? If I wanna post a picture comment on my own post I should be able to. Smh. Annoyed
Gets crashed every now n then specially when I check my notifications and select them
Why does face book let me scroll through my news feed for about 10 minutes then automatically whizz me back up to the top? Or more annoying still move the posts around whilst I am trying to read them?? Sort it out please
Cant go a day without keeping up with family  and friends near and far..such a plus
Can't even open my messages it crashes all the time l try to go to inbox
Can it get any worse? It simply does not work. Junk
Its make phn slower
Good face book
runs so slow it's not worth starting.  :(
Absolute Bullshit... Drains battery like hell.... better login from a web browser
I like it very much :-)
Nice I like it
Hmmm
Cant access FB since the latest up date, it has gone from bad to worse, disgraceful.
vikash
Recent News Feed is not the first thing we see when we open and the most annoying thing about this update is it won't stay open!! It keeps shutting itself down and I'm getting quite impatient with it now. Sort it out please.
Fabulous..........
Awesomeness
BAki to achhi app hai par download kare ko thodi badi hai......
It run too slow
please remove instant messenger app.
It keeps kicking me out WTH is that... Work hard on app
Crashes constantly please fix
it was great then it logged me out. so I uninstalled it. then when I reinstall it it won't let me. it say error.
M
Best ever!
It freezes when I open the notifications and close automatically!!!
Nice experience
Still has a lot of flaws....
Ok
Error it closes on my nexus 5 when i touch on mess or notification icon...
like it
After update then i open this app everything good and fast.
Android version still SUCKS. Each update make the app unusable. Uninstalling! All Android users should uninstall and use the mobile browser. Maybe that will get the developers attention and treat us equal as IOS users.

Facebook will not keep my Likes I do. Every time I like something it is gone when I come back to Facebook.  Please fix!
I just want to know , why people voted five marks !! How did it happen ?!!! ,, Mark, Unfortunately, your new update sucks. The same I found after I had this new update
Facebook
This tribute to the full of famous and respective energy of our whole humanity
Love it
What the he'll
Ok
Cool
It's okay
Can't even open it
It keeps shuting down -_-
The event page is great however it doesn't always show birthdays and it's difficult to get to past birthdays as well. Perhaps it would be better to ad separate link for it. Thanks
Jai
Hi
Easy to make everything possible.
When I open the notifications bar it will force close
This app is getting worse.  Since the recent updates, you can't scroll your time line to see most recent events, it instead takes you to what they assume you want to see, which are posts from the previous day.  Also, you can no longer unfollow a post after you get the notification.  I loved the fact that if I wanted to comment, I could go back later and unfollow without having to search the page for the post...especially in large groups.  I'm sure it has great potential but until that is met, 1 star it is.
If orkut being better than facebook is down then one day fb is gonna go down too
Sooooo getting sick of the ridiculous ads.  Deleting Facebook.   Good job guys!
All ways crashes
New update is good...
new version is bad.
I love face book aap
Good
Good
Working Right
Sucks I'm not going to give my password every time I want to see Facebook my phone already knows my pass wood and I put in it says incorrect password well I promise you I am putting in the right one.
Naseer
NOT BEEN ABLE TO GET INTO FACEBOOK FOR OVER 2 WEEKS ! WHATS HAPPENING
Update error!
M
Great app
Good
It makes my phone slow. It is just 21 mb but after installation its 145 mb. What's the problem now?
Stupid update... Keeps crashing & has completely ruined the experience of social networking. Damned coarse update !
Super
It never loads or just shows a black screen. WTF
The app is now so slow and unreliable and the memory usage was bad enough before now its worse and also takes forever to load and its STUPID to have a messager app it should be optional not forced
Its horrible...updation creates more problems..its very slow..
Best
Its too slow i
It's very bad messenger I hate that
Excellent
Since update have problems logging in
For the older version
I keep my fb application updated but still not responding do i need to un install it and use instagram and viber instead? :'(
Like it
Keeps on sending the force close message
When you log in from your mobile device, can't you see the latest news. Now you get updates on the top from 2 days ago and then 10min ago & then 2 hours ago instead of it being new to old news! Will lift my stars when that problem is fixed!
I love to see my friends and talk for them
Tlie
App keeps closing down
Butiful
Frustrating update. Why mess with something that was fine before.....unless you have a deeper purpose.  Maybe a paid version. :(
I have problem with  my Facebook messenger. Stop to messing on something don't necessarily need to up - date all the time.
Armaan
Pathetic
Rehman
Too slow and crashes often. Better to use browser version
Will not stay open
Keep connected with my friends....thank you
It keeps kicking me out to my main cell phone screen. No bueno....
Awesome
Its ok
it is very slow
Suckkkkk problem
Still has issues when going to most recent option. Does nothing half the time.
I like it!
I updated the app and now it won't shut down without locking up my phone. It gets stuck during shut down. Uninstalled and reinstalled - same problem. Dumping the app.
Ever since you implimented your so called "update"  The games I play doesn't "recognize  the user".  What the hell.  Are you fixing your "update" now?   PLEASE
I cant scroll....whats wrong !?? I mean too much buffering... please fix !
Excellent
Very good
:)
Shuts me out as soon as I get in, I can't see nothing!
Notc
It deserves 5 *, but only 3* for  not being able to use copy/paste. One has to open a browser and go to Facebook from there to copy/ paste. Please make this copy/paste feature available in Facebook app.
Fix it asap cant connect in my game
I like it
new
New update is very bad I feel angry when I start it
Excellent
Sucks won't load up
Spy
Good
I like this app.
I love Facebook but this new update so bad. When i want to see notifications this application automatically close. Why please solve this problem. Thank you
IT KEEPS FORCE CLOSING ITS REALLY GETTING ON MY NERVES. I'm tempted to take it off completely please fix the constant crashing to get a better score.
Facebook
its a good aap for android phones... i love it..
Improved
Fixing bugs? More like creating new ones... if I attempt to open a link, it takes me to my browser and that's where it stops. No link, just whatever my last page up was. I have an iPad and fb works much better on that. If you can get it right on one platform, why not android?
Crashes constantly on my Android tablet. Every time I attempt to post or share, it shuts down. Please fix. I need to update my pages and it is impossible to do. Very sad....
It is shutting down automatically !!! you need to fix this as soon as possible :-\
Need more improvement!
Good
This new version is very very very bad, its not good working, its automatically STOP,, ITS dirty,
The apps okay. It could use some downsizing and I miss the function that allowed you to sort your feed by most recent. There's no reason for this app to take up 60 mb on my device. It's not got that much on it and I beg Google to force developers to make the updates for all apps replacements not expansions.
Love me
Nice fc bk
I like FB.
Crashing! Crashing! Crashing! EVERYTIME I try to open
Need option to copy the posts from timeline to other apps
Facebook crashing
Please make it fast for 512 ram users please :')
Keeps freezing up and crashing.
Me esta fallando mucho con esta nueva actualizacion...... se cierra solito.. porfavor arreglenlo....
Since last update most of the time pictures are not loading..
Why do they need to go through my texts and phone calls!!!
more problems for a new version..fixed it.
New update is crappppppp!!!!!!!!!
With such frequency of updates.. You'll soon release daily updates... And learn to write a proper change log.
Kindly check and test properly before make it public. The application automatically shutdown. Do the needful ASAP
Will stay open when brought up.
Mash not on line
Super
Whenever I select notifications icons or message..Facebook has been force closed...-5 rating if possible!
I use facebook on my asus zenfone 6 and its work smooth and good.Good job facebook
Social mediation . Allows for contact with family and friends, while still forging other cycles.
X10
In description it shows chat option is available but i cant c that
OooWsuMe apP ...
What's not to like...
Excellent App
Nice apps
Utter crap all of a sudden its just not working sort the force close out many thanks
F.acebook ..
Binu
Update suck can't even see my messages same for messenger I'm deleting both 
Cool
Meet to my all friends
Wonderful !
Good
Its nice man
Every week it ask for update and always update is for "improve in speed and reliability". Is there anything else you can also do for the upcoming updates so that user can enjoy it, with very less usage of ram and storage space
I have galaxy grand 2 while I have installed Facebook app.  And when I log in and click onto notification the Facebook turn off and I get into menu. Need oroper assistance.
Update makes facebook crash and it is very irritating.
Good & lovely
It stops unexpectively on my s4
Interesting. .
Good
Small fonts. Cant be adjusted. Keep crashing
Great!!!!
Mi
Good
Always crashes...forcefully asks to download messenger
I only download it do connect to my FRMVLE2. This app just is not the same
News feed takes FOREVER to refresh!! Even to open my wall it takes forever!! I never see the up to time comments I'm always hours behind!! Just horrible needs some really good improvements!!
Good one
i just cant open any pics, videos n links...nothing loads here after updating...
Cannot stay logged in, keeps kicking me off, what is going on? Have tried the updates, but no help. Problem just started about 2 weeks ago. About ready to give up. I use twitter with never any problem, guess i just need to lose facebook all together!
Used to work great.  Now since it's last update it doesn't start up and when it does won't close. FIX IT!
I have been using it for months it was fine but lately as force closes immediately and it very frustrating and annoying
This new 'update' means the app stays active & I no longer receive any notifications. Very frustrating.
started to get really fed up of  facebook constantly crashing or refusing to open. i have tried uninstalling and re downloading it and nothing works. recommend just using my phone internet
What the hell is that the update is so bad then ever
Make it perfect
Nice
123456789
The app closed even before starting - force to close. It turn to be very annoying
Cu bat cai them facebook mess.may da yeu thi cho
Done
plz fix always close after new feed
It's saying cannot sign on or it says invalid
Nice it
Yes
Just sometimes doesn't let you see your messages at times makes me mad
After last update app crashes every time I try and view or edit my page or info
A flexible app in perfect sense
For moto g2
Very nice
Gggggooooooddddddd
<3
Why is it that your company makes millions but you can't fix your app hello dumb a** fix it now!!!
Omg note 4 giving issues closes down doesn't stay open ! I updated it made it more worse
Needs to have glitches updated asap. The app won't even stay open at all!!!!!
It will not open. I am very disappointed.  I hope thet get it straighten out.
so cool
The new update is bad, was working great for me before but now I can't upload any photos to albums and my cover photo isn't working, I've tried everything to fix it. Reported it several times an no response or change. I'm irritated that I can't upload photos.
Keeps closing by itself...
Excellent
The app is totally damaged. Won't stay open for few seconds! A "reliable update"?  u serious?
Slowly
What problem ?I hate this update.....
Worst update ever always crash just hated to use it

Makes me sick
Nice
Mmm
Rubbish
Automatic logged out,the heck is going on !! Disgusting!!
Bcoz we cn share our problem to our who r far abroad frm us
Very very ...........Thanks to Facebook because I talk to my friends and family members
Awesm app....
best
it was great then it logged me. so I uninstalled it. then when I reinstall it it won't let me. it say error.
It works very slow
PERFECT!"!!!! No hunger pangs
Whn evr i open friend requests or notifications it closes automatically plzz fix this thing i have tried to reeinstalled it but nithing happend
EVERY TIME I click a link it tries  open it in facebook and it never works.  Never.  Not once.  And I need the app for messages....I'll just open facebook in my browser from now on to avoid the headaches.
Nice
This new update crashes every time I go on the messenger app and the messenger app doesn't open after the update
Won't load. Keeps chucking me out the app before I can even get in.
It does not allow me to post videos
Fb
there is a problem when v update the fb then it dsnt open which makes me angry
Chat site
Very good
Too slow won't even let me on half the time
0 star if possible
Kicks me out everytime . my comments are not posting cause the app closes itself
Sorry to say new updated version stops working. Please fix it.
it is too much slow.
It shuts down by itself this sucks
Won't open at all. So stupid. Fix it.
Good
MashaAllah
My fone jus needs to be upgraded,other than that Facebook is o'right..
Sch a nic app i lov'n it
THank you
I do not understand the point of adding the option to turn off notifications if it doesn't work. Please fix this issue. I currently have a hundred and ninety notifications from a thread that I have tried multiple times to turn off and I'm still getting notifications. Even more annoying is when I go to turn off notifications of a thread and it says notifications turned off already. Please please correct this its super annoying.
Good
Nice fc bk
I can't get any notifications because it shuts out and sometimes it won't open at all so much for better speed and reliability
Excellent
Loads up quickly
Amei

After this update, I cannot see what pictures and videos others have posted. Most of the time it shows blank images or videos with a load sign. When I click that, it does not load. I tried using the same in another mobile with a different ISP but didn't get any different result. Fix this up ASAP.
Wonderfool
It's only for FB lovers
WILL NOT STAY OPEN UPDATE PLEASE
facebook
Good
App close by it self garbage
Nice
When I click on something, it goes NOWHERE does nothing!!
I hate how I scroll through the feed and suddenly it jumps to the top and it takes forever to find the post you were reading when the jump occurred. Hate this update. Fix the issue or I will go back to another version such as friendcaster.
Awesome!
Waste of space as when I click on app it just has a blank screen!!!
pleade add an option of photo quality. it drains my data usage
Lovely
Hiwet
Massenger
Why app store don't put zero stars just for FACEBOOK
Good
This app is bad
Like the UI
Takes forever to load then crashes
It very slow plz fix it you are lucky that i am giving you 2stars
Its great
Amazing facebook
I am still single
New apdate doesn't work correctly please solve the problems
Very nice
Facebook
Hope you improve on it .I just have difficulties uploading pictures from my phone
Waste of time stick to desktop version
JO BAKA
Wont even stay open!
Better
After the recent update, it is utterly impossible to open other pages or profiles on the news feed. Attempting to close the app and reopening it does not do the trick.
Update
The last version is better!
Love Facebook
Slow update new post when using vpn (in condition, the vpn have stable connection)
I think it would be helpful if an app's rating was restarted with each new update, then they may start paying attention.  Like others, no news feed and several long loading errors until it times out on Samsung Note4. Cmon Zuck!
Very slow in downloading..
What happened to the previous update.!??  Now links dont open on the app. It says a good update.
Loving it
New update sucks.
Facebook
Gd
Nyc
Pls kindly fix the app.. keep kicking me out... how do I even reply or upload photo if this kept happening.. If the updates can't fix problem but making new ones den what is the pt of updating??
Love Facebook then get this app
;-)
Time pass
Can't keep it open. Keeps closing. Sucks
Easy to download. Quick to access.
Won't stay open 20 sec!
The stupid default browser Facebook installed makes it hard to  view links in any useful way. And when you open one, it's full of Facebook adds. Needs to go back to the default open phone's browser
If Icould convey in words how it sounds when I blow a big fat Raspberry, FB would have a perfect description of exactly what I think of this app.Waste of time.
Facebook have to be more speed
This used to work just fine. With the recent updates, now the app lags horribly and doesn't alert me AT ALL to when friends and family post despite the settings I choose. I don't recommend this at all. If I could remove this from my phone completely, I would.
!, gallery and a person with the sofa the first time since I've seen a lot more information about how the sofa to w power of your choice and car and the car was a new comment on this page not emphasis in bedrooms the first time in bedrooms to the car and car events y chromosome to get events see the sofa and bus to do so by an average American and European commission for example in bedrooms and car and car bus to w is the emphasis added by using it is also available at all levels to be an average person can
Good im like
It's asome!
Latest release crashes. There are a lot of things that can't be accomplished in this app. A few examples: editing image location (possible in Firefox mobile), messaging without a separate app (possible in Chrome & Firefox), posting full resolution images (possible on desktop web). Message notifications should be disabled when the messaging app is not installed.
Khan
Freezes up an app closes by its self
No longer loads over WiFi, not sure if it was my Droid update, or Facebook update. Reinstalled and rebooted, no such luck. Pl0x fix
This app charg very heavy internet data on android so 4 star****
i hate the new update
I don't know why this apps need update again and again with same features. There no different issue to update. The developer should think about this apps related issues.......
Crashes every 5 seconds on my galaxy tab 3.  Uninstalling. FB please fix!!!!!!!!!!
Its very bad cz now a day fb apps can update and update relble SPD but its not true just tym wasted huh >_<
Ok Ok
Nice app but have to improve messanger in face book application
Merge super. c:
20000
Very nice
My life
Mast
Tharnks for all types
Good
The new upgrade makes facebook takes long to upload..fix it please!
Good
Great
Allow moving to SD card and/or reduce data size. All the permissions required seem ridiculous and intimidating.

Dr Sa Sherazi
The best app
Awesome app
Auto shut :/
The new update in this app that tells u that ur frndz also liked this page is useless.. i hate it... there is no option to disable it
999dt.
Need it BUT it keeps freezing up!!!! Fix it !
Best
Yes.
Reliability and speed??? That's hilarious it wont run without failing at all :(( Won't work right with new install very disappointed
Superb
Baje el app y no puedo entrar a Facebook.
Its ntbthwt much bad app
The latest update made the app to feel worst, the app is clossing for itself, we even can't     keep it open for 10-15 sec . I think this is the worst updated version
M
Nothing seems to wanna work since the update, nothing likes to load either
Error in downloading pls solve it
jejeje
Force close again n again
Good
just killer
Bkwas after update.. Can't open any of the message. Even messenger has stopped working. Kill your self bad developer. -_-
Thank you
please update video chat
Acting dunm
Pls like this.
I made a mistake and deleted it and now I can not download it. I have enough space, every other apps download but facebbok doesn't
I love facebook
Face
Nice
Very quick and handy. Like!
Thats it
This new update Always crash when I share anything or view someone profile , fix it or I will uninstall it.
Very nice app
Awoesome
Poor poor poor the new update sucks please someone  fix this.

Less than one star, frequent automatic shut down !!!!!!!!!
No customer service period
11 16 74
Gudy
Hi
Kadak nad nahi yacha
This app is so bad, I did down load 3 times till now and still can not use it probably, it's shut down suddenly many times with me
super topper nice
my friend messed with Facebook on his computer. he was only trying to delete a picture. for some reason this also messed with the pictures on his contacts on his phone. he tried to reinstall the app but it deleted ALL his contacts. even the ones not synced with Facebook. he called the HTC support line and they said this should not be possible. what the hell, Facebook staff?
When my friends want to enter my album.  It does not gave to enter. And did not give to get a like.
Usrfrndly
What can I say, Facebook is Facebook. Everyone has it, there's nothing to promote lol.
I dont know what happened with this aplication....i cant scroll and see all new feeds.....and now its not working att all....
Its ok but cant click on my friends names to go to their facebook note 3 pageplus
I thought I was not closing it properly the first few times, but now it seems that it will not close after I back out of the app no matter what. It's annoying because I don't always check my background apps so I get more battery drain. I miss the two touch exit instead of backing like crazy until it closes.
Kg
Oke
Bandara
Huh! Worst
Nice
Nic
Facebook pass laye apno ko (*-*)
Good
I think the stickers is message should all be free....js
Weo          Can also
What's going on. It's automatically shutdown.
Ram consumer
Nice
Loved it
New update doesnt let the facebook app to stay open. Keeps closing down as soon as you open it.
I kept on getting interupted and lose what i was reading each time theres a new feed... I would have to scroll back down and search for the story again. Please fox, it's really annoying.
I love F B
It's very good website i like it
Keep crashing again n again..
Hate the this upgrade
1-It takes so much time while downloading. 2- It oftenly close itself.
It's the best I luv it
Awesome
Vao tn bi bag ra
Correct Choise@Choose!!!
What is this i unable to read massage or notification what the hell what can i do
Disgusting app
Please I need facebook
Over the year ur so called Facebook APP's space has been increasing...we wud be happy as f..k if u wud learn to reduce the space
Not realy good,,i only use it for my uploading  pictures thats it,
To good
But useless on pad.
NO
Aplikasi yg menarik.....tp nape slalu kena kemaskini????
Can't login after been loged out.
So OK  I have the Samsung Galaxy tablet 4 and Facebook keeps closing whenever I try to go to my notification or messages! WFT is the deal with this?!? Even messenger does it now. I've never had a problem with these before and now all the sudden I do?! Fix the issue please!!!
Face to face book.
Not soo good
....bs
Runs almost 200mb of ram. Yikes. Since last 3 updates none of the pictures will upload or even show. Won't upload feed either. It's useless to me at this point. Samsung Galaxy S3.
Super app to use
Nice
This app doesn't work!!!! Nothing loads, updates, or allows views. Just freezes & then won't post or hold ANYTHING!!! I have written several reviews on here & even THAT won't show up. I have sent feedback for errors through app settings, NOTHING has changed.
AWESOME
Rahul
Latest update gave us a new "feature" so now when clicking a link we get directed to the unbuilt browser... Which sucks... And the extra steps to get it open in Chrome is not a fix. So dumb. Please change it back...  -_-

Love it
Suck super bad.   Won't allow me to look anything it keeps taking me out of the App.
So good.
Preson
Every time I try opening my messages it says ¡°Facebook is not Responding" and then exits! Facebook you better start responding or I'm uninstalling you!!!!
I loved it awesome to stay in touch wid every one
I recently updated it. Well the updates says that it improves reliability and speed. The app force closes at least twice in middle. So the update did speed up app's exit.
Old fashion and dull looking , should change to ios look and or material, and the widget does not have other style,  add themes  please
Sharma
This thing keeps on saying check your time zone settings and stuff. It will nor let.me enter...I'm really sick of this app
Mantap gan
It helps me to keep things up to date.
Good
Taslima
29
My login code sends to my old number and now I can't login
When I have more than 15 notifications and i start to see them a lot of them disappear and i don't see when someone mention me, I also can't have the same options as i have on my laptop as getting notifications of a page as an example¡­ . I DON'T GET ALL THE NOTIFICATIONS AND IT DOESN'T HAVE THE IMPORTANT FEATURES THAT IS PROVIDED BY THE BROWSERS
Facebook sucks now and wont be around much longer.
Tada bhayeka sathi haru ani dherai sal bhet na ra dekha na paka sathi n aafanta harulai yo facebook marfat ramro sanga bhet ghat ra batchi bha ko xa tesai le yo facebook la galat kura ma sadupayog na garu
Best way to connect with friends and make new ones....however it is time consuming :)
Face book
Grt app , usable
Grt
Mst hai
People running fb are WAY too nosy! There are just some things you don't put on a public profile. Even if it's "private", someone somewhere has access to all you do. Scary!
Love it
Its awesome
I don't like the foreclosing of this app when I try to open it
Love
jakit
Cool

All we want is recent new feed and also become much longer time to load than before!

Crashes every time I try to open the app...plz fix!!! Fixin ti erase if it doesn't get fixed soon!!!!
I cant watch any of the videos that are posted , if that changes it would get 5 stars
Every time I open the app my news feed won't load and it says "unknown error." I literally can't use the app at all. What's the point in having it downloaded if it's not even going to work? Please fix!
The news feed is absolutely terrible
Just awesome!
LOVELY HEART
I can't even use it. I thought it was on my phone, but i tried to format my phone and it still crashes! Please fix it as possible!
Its good
Good apps for me
Nice App
Fb app sucks, I would give it zero stars if I could! What's the point of having Facebook to keep in touch with your friends and family if you can't even message them. you shouldn't have to be forced to download a whole nother facebook Messenger and take up memory in your phone!
I can share everything I love in facebook
After last update I cannot find remove tag and others option like turn off notification, that are available in timeline but when you open any photo from your notification bar there you cannot find this and I change my cover photo many time but when I open Facebook after some time, I see my previews cover picture
NICE MY FACEBOOK
So log!!
Laggy
Quite fast..
New update won't even open. Waste of space on my phone. Accessing fb through browser is better and faster.
Love it
Too cumbersome
Ok
Takes forever to load images.
I've never seen such a ridiculous app. Why do you need access to just about everything on my phone? You dont need any info of mine unless I choose to post it.
Msst
It worked well until the new update. Now it either freezes or just turns its self off. Please fix.
It is good app.
Its better app for usage of less data in our mobiles
Braine66-0
Photos will not upload to page or albums from fb app on Galaxy Note 4, please fix!
Nice
but please add custom settings when posting  :)
I like to open my facebook again pleas help me
0071 konsala nu panga le lu gdi vich dasi gan
Since the latest update facebook has been crashing and closing for no apparent reason
Its not even working prply!
I hate this new update. It won't let me open messenger. Stop updating!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love it..
Yes
Good
Itz not working Zuckerberg. Itz not working,
Good

Ithokke endhu.!!
hangs a lot
I cant see my notification when i try to open then its go back to mobile menu.what can i do??????????
I like
Liked
Superb
I like it
I like everything about it. No complaints here.
Excellent
since last update it is not opening the link to notifications even from top notification panel and also in app notification panel.  Fix it ASAP
Nice app
Before the latest "improvement" posting a photo to my FB page was instant. Now? 9 times out of 10 it gives up - and so do I - and I end up emailing the photo to myself, save it and THEN post it to FB.
Doesnt load at all
Is nice and its allowed u to do whatever u wish to do.
Very slow now
Super useable for me
I am unable to sync my Facebook account
I'm thinking to just completely uninstall this app and will just check my Facebook using my browser.
Every time I open the app it force closes... NEED TO FIX ASAP
Update works backwards coz it makes everything worst. Fix it please.
Good
When i open messages in this app, it shuts down automatically and also facebook messenger is not working
After updating to the latest updates, i can't just press the particular group on fb, i need to go to the search bar and type the group that I want to see.. This is no good at all!!
Improvements
Good
Ok
It won't let me login in
Smail
Get to know people all over the World
Communication
Super nice.
Facebook app is really good but recently I have a problem with when I click over notifications its automatically goes off

I love this app .you lucky .i give 5 stars
Videos dont work again, i want most recent not most popular, and this app is such an invasion of privacy, look at the permissions for the Facebook app and the messenger app, absolutely digusting
Same problem as below. Will not stay open. Shuts down on its own. I have reinstalled twice, not working
Loved it
I can't even access the application. ...I hate this new upgrade. It keeps shutting down on ~e please fix this......I uninstall it
Facebook
Super like
Facebool keeps on kicking me out... why tho?
Nice  apps.......!!!!
Its awesome
Damn slow 4 HTC
It was good until today and now it keeps throwing me out
Nice for use
Superb app
can't open,,,, what's hepend?
Good
Very good
Love
Why can i load any pictures on my stream?
Good
pakdo
Change the way this thing works it is bad app
Does not work correctly
A Raim
Md
Description
samsung grand prime
Pls don't Facebook contact on phone...><
The typical bloatware. It has no desire to be a good app, because it is guaranteed to be on every Android phone. Force closes constantly, lags, and freezes my phone. If you know anything about memory leaks or background "apps not responding," this is the absolute worst app on the market. If you activate the ability to force close background apps that fail to respond, you'll get a prompt for this app at least a dozen times a day. Truly abysmal quality, but what do you expect from Facebook?
niceappppppppppppp
I love this sites because my best time pass.
The update made it much more faster
When viewing photos, there is a bug that I cannot back to news feed page but go straightly back to my android home page. When I re-enter facebook, I am still in photo view mode. Can you add a button in photo view mode, or fix this bug?
New update sucks. . . .  Just shut down again and again
Nice one
Go back to old it worked
Good... But slow..
Fck force closed!!!!!
Cant do anything since update. Keeps force closing this sucks. Liked facebook until recently :(
Not good working
Best application
So bad it always crashes
Very nice app
It automatically close.
Use it every day
Every time I check my notifications it kicks me off the app. Please fox a.s.a.p!!!!!!!!
Quite fast
amey VAZE
Update
It is social network used to connect people together in online
It isthe best

Love my Facebook
What is thi this application automatically shut down or hanng 
Simple
You just broke this app. Can't even see posted photos or videos. Thanks for testing my patience.
Fix this crap lol plss
It closes before i can even scroll up or down.
This app is a cpu killer. I can't even imagine how badly it runs on lower end devices. Just opening it needs 100% of a 1.7Ghz Dual core.
Very fast
Love facebook!!
Very nice f b
Ausem
Wont stay open goes to home screen automatically
Poo
Belajar
Slowest n frustrating app ever seen. Huge size app. Consumes big part of device memory. Can't find wifi connection. And stop irritating me with your sorted news feeds. I want it my way, always.
With the new update I don't get the option to report a post to a group admin and I don't for the option to "stop notifications",  please fix this, those options where really useful
Olle untu
Very good work!  Cheers!!
NiCea application
Crash alot
App sucks
MANY SAY FB IS NOT FOR THEM I SAY "GOOD"...and stop peeping.
OK nmn kht panu
Thanks

since the update my app keeps shutting down.... FIX THIS PROBLEM
It takes time for download
i love so N much
Won't open up, won't load pics or posts, keeps going blank when refreshing, a total load of rubbish!
Need to fix all the bugs with this new useless update of app!!!!!
I  Have problems with facebook
It works but some times shows no connection
I HATE IT WHEN MY MESSAGE DONT APPEAR BECAUSE OF THAT F***IN MESSANGER
Every time it updates, it works like crap afterwords. Trouble with it freezing and forcing it to close. Not a happy user !
It old just cool awesome
Everytime I try to open my new messeges the app just suddenly shut. Same thing happen when I try to check my notifications. What's wrong? This is annoying? Fix it!
Nic software
Awwwwsme
It doesn't work, when you want to see the friend requests, it closes, and the same happen when you open notifications, it sucks
Just being able to get a hold of friends and family
I have no flicking clue I can't even see any news feed videos and pictures are invisible.  Facebook app is annoying for me since last few weeks.
I Love you
Good
It keeps closing the app. you cannot even see the notifications.. Can't leave facebook open it closes automatically ...
U
Its superfine apps n
Stops every single time . Loads forever . Complicated.
Its k working
App won't stay open!
I love it
This is starting to bug the hell out of me. Some people report pictures because they have it out for you. Then facebook block's you from posting, messaging,  or even commenting on a friends post. This needs to stop! I have family I can only talk to on facebook and now I can't even do that because someone had it out for me and Facebook blocked me from doing anything!
Nice update.
Just recently had my Sony Xperia E1 and I tried downloading it. Then, it said that an update was incompatible. Please fix this!!!
Friendcaster makes a good temp till they get thus crap fixed!
This nice
Application
I've been having trouble. I close fb and every time I click on my icon on my phone it has to load fb again. It never did that before. I used to like it. Fix it please. Now it closes all the time when I'm looking at something or trying to read something it really sucks!
If try too make new friends you get block for days bbuull sshhiitt
I a second account how can I open up another I know from a new email address
Awesome
Force closing
But It has a little problems ,, Please fix them :)
Don't like the new update. Disappeared off my phone. Have to open it in my browser now. Very disappointed!
Each time i open notification the app got closed automatically uninstalled and installed it again but vain Still there is problem. I suggest not to update it at any price.
I lv it
Nice
Wil i love it cause i can chat my relativd abroad
Good App
Way of making good friend
Very bad the new update
Clicking on a friend's name on the feed stopped opening his profile page... Lots of times clicking on "Most Recent" does nothing..seriously, you need better developers.
Wow really? I can't even read messages and notifications.  Wow fb fix it before you get 5 stars
Such a crap app..... even 1 star is waste to u guys
After new update the application always out by itself. Please fix it..
It's great has a few minors but over all a five
Cool
Keeps popping out of facebook
Google
Bikin lemot
For new version
Yes it's not bad
I cant keep my fb open at all it crashes nd forcloses.please fix!!
VENU
Fast
Good
V gooddd
goof
Maxxx of thiril....
Force closes every time since recent updates... Fix asap.
Siva
Cant open my message need to install messanger the problem is cnt download it download it.. so now for me. .my fb is useless
I hate the new update..try to open facebook and it shuts down..very annoying!! Grrrrrrr

Nice
Osan
Trying to fix what's not broken
Facebook continues to be the worst app on my phone.  It is incredibly slow, buggy, and notifications don't work correctly (I don't receive notifications unless I open up the app)
Good
When I try to open the message ..it  suddenly  load off from facebook...even I try with messenger ..both of them dont work at all.. == Is this result of  the new update?
Good
Good
Keeps force closing on never had problems with the stability on the previous updates
nice
App wont even download successfully. While mark zuckerberg sits cozily in his volcano lair the rest of us are going through withdrawals. Get your act together facebook. Consider yourself lucky to get 1 star, bozos
Lovely
Super
Ilove it
The only reason it didn't get higher is because it's taken over two days to download this app on my new phone and it still hasn't downloaded. Also on my old phone I was constantly getting signed out randomly.
This is the only app on my phone that I installed 8 times but still can't open. And when I log out, it freezes then closes.
Absolutely amazing!
5
Updated the latest version and it began slower and slower thus can't run anymore . Pages are full of blank .Please fix it asap .
I don't recommend it.
Good
R
Since the recent update, statuses can no longer be shared, what's up?
Too log,it can easily shut down
Timepass karne ka sabse mast softwarewwww
Frndx new version is not working automatic cloxe
Lowering my feedback. New update sucks.  Very frustrating,  looking at a post then it will jump when a new story or post.  Why is there no way to access the  other mailbox?
Wanted
None
Love itk
OK app....BT needs improvement
My account someone hacking in my inbox making chat and sending photo wed my frnds
But waste of time,
Ilikeit
This app sucks yall just tryin to be able to view wat every one is doing yall are very nosey people give people some privacy
My Facebook is not responding . Please fix this problem.
Good app
Is best for facebook nd other site.
Nothing seems to work!  Doesn't load anything!!  I'd give it a zero star if possible
Hope it's fine already
It keeps on crashing! So annoying!
Nice application
Hj
Wao.....
fb
At first when I saw the login page I was pretty happy....then nothing changed at all....sick and boring design once again....common Facebook it's time to change
Very slow opening
Hai can u give other video player option for fb videos in canvas 4 i cant see fb videos my fb app is going closed pl do needful to me
Nice app
Takes ABSOLOUTLY forever to post pictures/videos (up to 3 days) besides that, works alright
Wonderfull
no to facebook messenger!
Such an Trash newer version !
The app wont stay open, it forces close.
hate it
Its not coming
Awesome
i really hate this app....... What's app better than facebook........ Every month it's want update..For that reasons it kills my phone memory........
Nice...
I hate that it won't allow me to edit or delete comments and posts. According to CNET it should also the apple app does. It's embarassing!!!!!
Perfect
It's cool app
Not good after update..
Can't see any pictures in my newsfeed, profiles take forever to open, and comments keep disappearing.
Not going to update until they give me the option to choose what I want to share.
Spamming about messenger isn't nice
I like it
Very easy to usd
It's a very good app for every friend...so download and enjoy....
It good
I expect to see recent first instead of 5 days ago!
It very fast I like that app ao muxh plzxz every one should download it........
For some reason my Facebook keep sending out friend request that I didn't send out my girlfriend dose the same thing
Rudi venter

It sucks it boots me out each time I try to look at my msg n  notifications wasn't doin it but now it's just constantly deleted the app n install it again still doin it. So my rate is 1 star
Its very good app I m using it from 2009 its better then all
Very nice
Gu kh¨¤ faceboook
bby
Need ofline chat also plz update this
Loved it
Your app shut down s automatically after every new update
Koo
The last update is not successful because when i try to click on notification its automatically shutdown.now im unfollow update my Facebook is converted to an old version
It is really good app for android
Excellent media to be in touch with friends
It can't login my ID Help
Always force to download messenger
Cant even install this app
bomb oyeee

It so bad
Jordaar
My news feed keeps shutting the whole app down! I'm getting seriously frustrated! Is there a way to uninstall the update?
The app was running smoothe until the update and now I can't even keep the app open long enough to read two statuses.
Geat
The only problem I see with this app is it takes up so much space on my phone. My I can't even put it on my phone ugh
Awsome app.....
Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr a r q and
Excellent way to be in touch with community
It would have been good if there was the 'unfollow post' option
Great
Can't login inn ...every time I do it .It shows error
Loved this app
love it
Non stop freezes and slow as hell. Good job ipo.
Just avoidable because other apps are not opening
I think fb is better than twitter idk... dont judge me..
Nice
I'm glad facebook decides what I want to see instead of me. Yeah, I liked certain groups just for the hell of it, I really didn't wanna see what they post. The developer of this app is a complete moron.
Bk
Disgraceful we are FORCED to use this rather than older version
Since the update: battery drain is faster and I can't see 98% of the pics posted. When I click on them all I get is the comments. FIX THIS!!
And not bad
Previous version was fit.but in this version it closses facebook after ever minute or 2!!So realy able to be cursed!!!!!
App closes every 3secs gotta keep refreshing page my battery life sucks
It's not letting me access my account.
Like it
THIS FB APP IS CONSUM LOTS OF RAM MEMORY FIXED IT
Kenapa ssh loading nya???????
Very nice
Your App is of 30 MB. But eventually ends up taking more than 150MB space. What do people with low internal memory do? Fix that for me to install it again.
Fixed it please!
This is the worst update till now.. not working on my phone
Baaaap app hai
Alexander mendoza  Miyata
N
Wont even stay on! Unreal, a company of this magnitude. Please fix, then maybe can rate it a 5!!!!!!***
Awsome app
Mahol
It's not working now.  It will show the login error. If u can't login why to install it ? If u data plans are not expensive nd u don't care time u install it
very nice
Amazing
E
It won't let me see my messages or my notifications because it says an error has happens
Crashes a lot when clicking on external links
i cant also open the app and it shows forced stop. please fix this problem before you get 1 star :(
The F*ck wrong with this new update? its not helpful its distractful. fix this problem please
Bloody eating 134MB of ram...r u kidding me..also eats up battery...do something ABT it..also retry never works while failure in posting a comment
Lol
Notification issues
I hate  the update  it get stuck  and its very slowwwww i hated i wish i didn't  update  it
That's very nice app
Good app
better app,thank all
You have to download messenger,so i did but the messenger can not download ..SO NOW I HAVE TO UNINSTALL IT AND THEN INSTALL IT AGAIN!!!I DO NOT LIKE IT AFTER THE UPDATES!!!!WTF?
It takes a lot of resource, I have to use Messenger which is same f**k, and the worse is the new update makes it force close every f***ing time? Really??  Who made this s**t happen???
Ok
Everytime I try to scroll down in the notifications the app crashes. Its really annoying, if this gets fixed then I will give a higher rating.
The display of new version of new feeds is bad
update an fb yg baru gak enak bikin emosi  nyebelin bngt
Every time I click on notification icon or anything it kick me off. Wtf never did before fix it please.
Wont open. Tried uninstall and reinstall but same thing comin up. Needs to be fixed, ur lucky to get 1 star
My.messenger wont open wdf
The App is awesome but over expensive.
I love this application
Keeps running in the background. Galaxy Note 3.
is it
loved it
F
Mobile version not a good but overall is still enjoyable.
mind suck,,why its clozz
Yeahh . Tnx
I like it
What the hell is this
sorry bt my  facebook keeps loggin out
Facebook was working fine for a month or so now everytime i open it it just crashes and messenger to!!!!! Please fix this!!!!
Its good but some times its slow down while loading news feed on my lg 180l
Jesus
Much more work needed. The old version was much better. You should go back to the drawing board.
I cant open my messages and pokes. it shuts down automaitcally.. since the update.
Plz make it interesting! It's really terrible!
Best
Fantastic
Awesome
Very nic app

I'm not downloading messenger jus to c messages.  I already don't have enough space in my phone and its plain and simply retarded.
Superb!!!
can not see notifications. App is crashing.  Pls fix.
Better than previous update i can give full stars as exellent if posts and pix open fast
Needs more feedback
The best
It's a good app BUT only 1 star because I can't save the photos directly + now it stays open all the time
Awesome
I love it ....if u dont then f*** die ...sale kutta
881161800
Vicky
Aida jader saligumba barcelona
Nice
Nic improvement..
All
Good apps
Over
978308
I was finally able to sign in. It seems that every 3-5 minutes it force closes. I don't know why but it does.
Good
Nice
It won't let me stay into messanger and it's making my Facebook not want to be open
App doesnt even load anything, have to force close and clear cache. App sucked since it was released
I'm unable to use my emojis when commenting on a post. Thumbs down
Very good
Wow
Really superb...
Automatically shut down...
I like it
You got 2 star
I cannot download the Aplikasi
SLOW  AFTER UPDATE SLOWER THEN EVER
Love it
I would use it more if I could open it up on my phone an not get thrown off every two seconds. An this seeing crap that people posted three days a ago is not worth my time put it back so when you get on the most recent stuff is there instead of me having to push three buttons to get it for the app to tell me unfortunately Facebook has stop working
To slow to download always have problems
Keep close it self even after update...
Worst experience with Facebook. It's not working in my Samsung galaxy s4. Again n again hanging.  App closes automatically.
This app will  not let me see my notifications,  and half of news feed.  The new up date is horrible
Good
Most of time good but now can't stay open
Rate
speechless
This is best app for people
:)
Raaj
Its the best programme i love
Like it
thanks for giving power of editing !!!!! .
Time pas
I like it !
Good but sometime don't log out
mmm??!
After new update the application always shut automatically. Please fix it..
Why I m giving just * . Neither News feed open nor itself Facebook App. Pl request 2 developer fix it.
Don't want messenger. Don't want forced to use messenger. Bad.
Very nice system. ...
I think I've seen the post 20 hours ago still stay in the news feed while it does not even load. Help please!
How come on the app, we can no longer subscribe to certain people's newsfeed and show up in our notifications? You are able to remove the get notifications feature but you can no longer go to someone's page and get notifications....what gives?!
el borey
i like these
I like it
Fj JDM ng fun
The app is now so slow and unreliable and the memory usage was bad enough before now its worse and also takes forever to load and its STUPID to have a messager app it should be optional not forced
Its so realy realy bad,it so slow app
It was so good, you can automatically open your account without getting hassle
Its saying session over
I give 0.000000000000001 star . Just money making and dstroing humanity, real frndshp
Nice app
Good
Do not give one star unless you gave five and say thank you and do you have fb ty¡­..     And thats my opinion ty .. Fb lover forever :)
This program is full of the many bugs please fix it
Hoping you could improve on reply comment in page..got notification but need to scroll, searching for the replied
Mee
Why does it keep on updating fudge
I was going to load the app on my new phone, but then I saw the permissions...why do you need address to my entire phone?! You do not need to know who I am calling and when.  I had already stopped using messenger, now I am done with fb mobile completely.  Another good thing gone bad due to greed...remember when you listened to the users and cared?
Awesome
New version is crashing a lot. I can't even use the app.
Facebook
Lame!!!!!!! very lame !!!!!! Does not stay open
Good App.
Fantastik +_^
Great for gossip
I would write about how bad this app probably is except it won't stay open for more then 30 seconds.... its not a connection problem either.
Very nice

Killing battery, force closing and bloating up the phone now. Half the time it won't reload the news feed now. This app sucks so hard. And now as and update NO PHOTOS WILL LOAD. I'm over it, after what feels like being an beta app tester for 4 years now I'm uninstalling Facebook.
Kerana ia bukan pekara yang negatif
It keeps shutting down after a while .. While I'm on it ... Fix it and I will rate it 5 stars
The best
The guy that greated fb dont read this comment because he to busy counting his dollars and cant get pass 100thousand his brain shuts off there thats why the updates is crapy he pays people to do it for him but still they ignore it
Please fix it! Cant use this apps.try many times and it still have the problem.
Facebook
New update is tooooooo slow. Fix da bug plz. It's not working properly
Very good
Goood....
Auto closes forcecloses before start up please any body do not update thise poor version
Very slow
Ay v kutaa e kam a
Cleaning
It sucks
Fine
fine
Feburary19
I want conect it 24hour
It takes up "too much space" when I don't want it to update, it already took about 118 MB with only 98 MB left on my device, this is a major problem for only a 2Gb internal storage. Due to not being able to move it to the SD card & again, taking  up half of an internal storage.
Loved it
Its so amazing love this app
Nic
Facebook
Very Good
It's wonder full I use it from long time
Why this app eat may mb at all? please fix it!!!
Very enlighting
Very slow
Crashes all the time, why post anything on there, doesn't give can chance, just crashes. Can see why so many people are leaving it
:)
beautiful
Nice
My News feed goes to Messages, Friend request to Notifications, Messages to Profile while Notification is blank. Please fix.
Super
Very useful
Good
1
Fastest
Weak
New update keeps crashing can't even look at my Facebook grrr
This app is sooo slow it's unbelievable
The app keeping force closing in few seconds. Is it happening to everyone? Or its just me
The app is now essentially unusable. Try to open notifications, it crashes. Try to open a pic, it crashes. Try to open a comment, it crashes. Try to browse my feed,  it crashes. Great job. 
Just a blank screen
New update won't even let the app open!! FIX IT!!!!!
My news feed takes forever to load.. no pics cant play vids.
Hi guys, from long time I am not able to play the shared videos in my Facebook App. If I need to watch them, I regularly reinstall the application.. Can anyone let me know the fix for this issue. My mobile model is - Micromax A210.
I love it
:3
If can't using this application...because i have face problems
Everytime I read something and it updates, it throws me back up to the top and I loose what I was reading and I can't find it again!! So freaking annoying makes me want to just close face book down!  So sick of their changes.
Sometimes when I click on a link to a video or website in the news feed, it just sends me to the home page.
I wish I could do everything I can do on facebook with this app. But I can't and now I need multiple apps.
New update makes it so clicked links to other users or group pages no longer work for me half the time. Unusable in current state.
Ammmma
I like this
Good apps....
Photo cant load it!!pls fix it faster!!
Asif
Bisanya
I got an update that I actually liked and it was taken away. What happened?

Goooddd
Make u wonder if Facebook does these f**k up updates on purpose. Other apps give out feed backs to what people say about the app. Facebook don't give two SH*TS about what WD think.
bangla.bukarisharif
Koooool
My friend asked me to download it .when I download it, I became fan of it
Hated it coz it wunt load
Yadvendra
Using fb is nyc
It's a Facebook app, this shouldn't keep closing out every time I check notifications or news feeds
good
It still shows me the old post and when I try to look at pictures. It wouldn't work at all. Nor the videos wouldn't work!
Very nice
Bery use for sexy girl and boy .who try to loved
Face no I'm
cant copy text from news feed
Nicee
Nice
Best
Try to open facebook and will not even open this sux really get it fixed
Facebook
Like helpful
Sayad aingul
Keep Close who is Far.
Always crash and force close
Facebook
i cant open the inbox... it crash... can you fix this problem
Not even load when using wifi, but loads when I switch to mobile data
I would like to cherish for Facebook for making mankind a better world whit this app. Hopefully this would lasting forever till the end of the world.
Usmanali510
Can't watch videos on Facebook, other than that It's ok...
Very slow in 3g networks., and logout problem. And i missed news feed and photos.
Love FB
Datta
when I updated my fb app, it always shuts down.what's happening fb????I'm really losing my patience.soooo disappointing!!!!!PLEASE FIX IT ASAP
I..   Love. It. This app.. And facebook is.. Awsome app..
Just get it
Shows old postings but pretty good
Have it on Samsung tab 3  and it keeps crashing and just going back to my home screen! Realy annoying if in the middle of a message or searching for someone!  Please fix. Unusable no reply from anyone
I like the idea of Facebook
It so slow on phone
Facebook has a lovely face where you can read all the emotions, pain& pleasure, anguish, anger and simple fun.I enjoy it a lot.
You guys suck.  I want a job where i can suck this bad and still get paid.
Slow speed
Keeps crashing, won't stay open. 
Very amazing
I love it "
when I clicked its always back on home! what happen!?????
What an awesome update scroll thru a few post and then it closes. Thanks for that now i can just keep reopening it. Next you should change it to open to oldest post first so we can scroll thru years of random stuff. Good job guys :-)
Nice app Hh
With this latest update, I see that Facebook continues to run even after I exit using the phone's back arrow. And it continues to use cpu and memory while running in the background. I only have this app to be able to post photos while on mobile, generally the web interface is the way to go while on mobile.
Update please
No words to describe. Just awesome
Awsome app
Ok
Is great....wonderful....i like...
Its fast than before but it always says "the application of facebook is not responsible". So pls fix it! :-(
Good
To contacts your best one
contractor
Facebook
End of your era
ChanTha
It takes a lot of space and require a lot of data. OPTIMIZE everything than I'll think about it
Been using Facebook for years and absolutely love the social life
Very nice
Nice
This new update is garbage. I can't use my app Because it force closes all of the time.
The New Update Are Worst. When i Open my notifications and going back to news feed. The facebook are closing. Hope you Fix The Problem Asap
Excellent
Extreme... Privacy... Invasion.    Its more than obvious there out to invade everyones privacy. They dont give three flying hamsters about the app or what users want.
When it work it crap
More data wasting
This app takes up too much space!
Just start to open facebook app, loading and force close, open again, force close, and opened. Load so long. The notification is not refreshed. The newsfeed is not renewed. Aah suck, better go use bfowser than this sucking app.
After several page browsing, i can't go back to news feed by single touch. I have to go back 19 times to reach  home or news feed. Wtf!!? Needs huge updaaaaate!!
very good
Excellent but lot of time waste
Terbaik utk Majlis anda.
Ok baba
ahh
My life...sooo gooddd hehee
It works good
Good
Superb      Good working
Sala downlod he nahi ho ta sala
Classic
facebook
Rana
Gr888888
You have to keep clicking on most recent everytime you go into fb so lost one start for me
The new version closes on itself.. Not good
I can't open the inbox
Khan
Is amazing ;-)
Good
It keeps getting better!
Sanjuverma698@gimalcom
Kuwait

Good
Will not open most of time.  Then it want log out.  Need to fix it!!  When I first got app it was OK but then y'all keep jacking with it and now its worse.
ml
So awesome
Just
Good
App
Work
Nice
monu singh
The latest update its suck,,loging out error and forced close!!
Its fantasty
No pics are loading!
Statuses take a good 20 minutes to post, fails at least 5 times before finally completing. Newsfeed does not load completely if at all. Very slow, cannot click on people's names to access their profiles... Very poor job. Extremely frustrating.
So bloody rubbish what's the point.
Feed images are not loading properly. .
Fab
Terbaki

Many ram and power
Production
Super
Awesome
Very good
I like this app
Like
I grew tired of having to poke the screen several times to see the posts in chronological order, Forcebook obviously has no clue what I would even remotely consider a "top story", it's certainly not your stupid Farmville critters or weeds! Now I am being forced to install yet another large app to read any private messages I may get? Speaking of privacy, that goes out the proverbial window... no more, no thanks!
Like
Wonderful so easy to use
No Facebook boring. .my day..

App won't stay open....
If you click the notification or message icons, the app closes
Awesome
Rupali.
Facebook
Spr
Nyccc.....
Every time I click on a video it automatically goes back onto my homescreen and it always freezes
Crash hell. Absolutely useless. The current version is crap. Whowever supplies this should bury their head in shame. Downloaded the recent version today, 29 Oct 2014, it is still crash hell.
To be honest Not realy god... always log:(
FB has gotten terrible with the updates....Fb will not stay open....its constantly kicking me out of the app I can't do anything on my  GalaxyS5 with it....
I love it so much
Ssss
At first Facebook was just Facebook. Now it needs Facebook Messenger and almost daily updates are needed in order to accommodate all the advertisements. Everything requires data, which is still expensive in South Africa. My phone (S3) is also getting sluggish. I'm downgrading my stars from 4 to 2.

Luv it.
wdwpgpawpa
Good facebook
With each update your rating seems to drop!  It's been doing alright but now it just stays running instead of going to the background.
When I had a problem, the direction was clear, and was fixed in a couple days. Customer service was very helpful.
A big power train
but a touch slow
Uninstall and install it again
Sloooooow, so very unhelpful to use, i want my wall in 'most recent by default, not bacefook' s deeply flawed 'top stories' (which actually means they can give advertising priority over your friends)... use friendcaster instead, it is immeasurably better and doesn't prostitute me.....
Love it
Gave one more star as speed has increased but still there are so many glitches. Returned to change my statement due to better performance than before. Hoping for the best update ever
Ok
Just got games that frezzy up like farmville 2. And what's the deal a lot is showned on a computer but on phone not everything u see what people write and then its days u see posted things written three days r more ???????? Yyyy
Like
Tooo much updates ....irritating..
Stop shoving fb messenger. It's draining too much battery.
Cant scroll down in groups, the little wheel keeps glitching and doesnt loaf at all.  Closed the app out and even restarted my phone and doesnt help
Sac BBC a
Love Facebook
28/10 wota pointless bloody update that was! now instead of saying the full word "Facebook" on login, it just says "F"..STOP UNECCESARY UPDATES AND TRY FIXING STUFF INSTEAD, THOUSANDS OF US ON HERE WITH PROBLEMS..!!  ¡ñ26/10¡ñCleared Cache no diff FB LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE ¡ñ12/10 2 interactions and logs me out!!!.¡ñ10/10 Is this app actually for "android" or just for phones? can FB please answer. ¡ñ9/10 Same crap no fix.¡ñ27/9 if FB was a shop wud be closed, fix it¡ñ14/9 UD no fix¡ñ10/9 SAME OLD FB all other apps fine¡ñ8/9 UD, Probs same no fix 2 interactions and back to home screen,device fine,had checked at my expense.¡ñ1/9 New crap UD still logs out, FB users are Lifeblood of FB company FB seem not to care, we still use as no alternative. Worst app ever ¡ñ21/8 Logs out 20 times a day, i still use, what else is there?. ¡ñ5/8 FOR f**s sake FB READ ALL BAD REVIEWS-CAN YOU HEARANY OF US, NO POINT ASKING TO COMMENT IF YOU IGNORE. ¡ñ31/7 Always logs me out.¡ñ23/7 What is wrong keeps moving me to the f***ng feed page. PLEASE FIX !! ¡ñ25/6 Says FB stopped uninstalled what a farce ¡ñ9/6 UpDated and now when I click "photos"orientation auto changes from pan' to portrait, Reinstalled does same. NO STARS
All I keep getting is retry!! Won't load anything, this is gettin to be a pointless app to have on my phone!! Please fix this or I will be deactivating my account!!
Drains battery
Nice view and easy to use
The Best.
Good
This most recent update is a joke! Still getting notifications but can't load a darn thing. So frustrated!!!
THE BEST UPDATE SO FAR!!!!
Facebook apps review
Excellent
The best app to have
After latest update goes to load screen says please wait and then force closes.
Really f...ing slow. Very dissapointed.
Gud
Weekly twice update
Keeps on crashing on Android 4.2.2. Fix it!
Do not edit my  interest's.
Construction
Older version
Mr A
Superb
Poor start up more than a minute and can't get instant notifications like my friends do and if i like a post and goto another field like notification or messages the like disappears .. fix it for android 4.1.2 please.
Happens to force close most of the time when I opens it and the phone becomes sluggish and also it takes a lot of time to load the screen do something....!
also transparent share screen appears after sharing which NO ONE else seems to have or heard of???? MARK ZUCKERBERG FIX YOUR APP PLEASE!!! We all thank you but need it work. Updates only break it.
Male
Nice
good
I DO NOT want to view what YOU think is important to me. I want to view the most recent posts from my friends.  Give us back that choice in the News feed. Now what are you doing, why do I want to see the last comment against a post? It's nonsense.
Good
T
Charan
It's best nd we can learn many new things from thiz''
Well, it's cool that you don't have to go on the browser  anymore 
It dun show followers at random
and  another shamefull update
God dammit now i cant even check my messages without that messenger what the heck is that -_-
Another update,seriously? It just updated a few days ago! I'm not updating, mainly based on these comments...I have enough problems with it as is,ever since the last update it stays running in the background and I have to manually stop it...very annoying!
nice & good
Nice
Enjoying it
Works flawlessly
It takes 30 to 25 mins for new feedz
Useless
All the updates are crap , now it doesn't even close using back button , to close it you have to go to task manager and active applications and then force close. Drains the battery like hell.
Soooo slow
I DONT NEED MESSENGER NOR FACEBOOK TO KNOW MY PERSONAL INFO, NOR USE MY APPS ON MY PHONE WITHOUT MY PERMISSION. FACEBOOK ISN'T EVEN GIVING US AN OPTION IF WE WANT THE MESSENGER OR NOT. WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
I am getting irritated with facebook app now
I haven't had any problems until now, the news feed won't load and it's very irritating. Maybe something is wrong that can be gone through and fixed?
Good
It opens and when you click on a post the app closes, when using the Internet to open, than Facebook works for
Since last update I have to keep turning off my phone before fb updates.  This is getting really frustrating now, please fix this.
Hu
Quite better
Can't even get on facebook, won't load and the one time it did it kicked me off right away
ALWAYS CRASHES VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV BAD.
Its a Good app
Waiting for different features
Superb improvement
Does not load pictures even in 3g network. This application needs improvement..
I have had it with the automatic scroll! I can be scrolling through a feed of stuff that was chosen for me of course, and it automaticly jumps to the beginning! When that happens once, I'll get annoyed and scroll back through. The second time, I get mad and give up and scroll through the new stuff. The third time, facebook loses my interest for the day and twitter becomes my new outlet!
Works fine for me
Cool
Social
nice
Tyre trade
Its a cheating app bcoz its shown of just 19 mb but aftr installing this becomes a 40 mb app within a blink of eye but even aftr that it cud not run bcoz it needed more memory thats why i uninstalled it. I wud tell everyone to not use this app specially galaxy ace users.
H
Simple app but use a lot of ram, always running on background, can't force close(always back, back and back) Annoying
UPDATE: something happened cause app to just buffer, can't refresh, battery heats up!!! PROs: no problem posting archive pic like Twitter; video posts really fast; every idiot in the world uses it. CONs: FB email links does not launch into app; can't switch to multiple accounts as easily as Twitter; can't exit app easily as Twitter u must back out; photo posting in comments select from last pic not gallery; can't bookmark favorite like Twitter; censors links that have porn words; drains batteries fast
it's not recommended for low-end phones.
XXCCHJIDIOCU
It is lifeline
Nice & smooth
Very exllent.
I can't access facebook after I updated today. My fb keeps throwing me out, shutting down. These administrators of this app need to repair the problem NOW!!!!!!
To slow
Very slow for installed for application plz speed
My Grandson and I.
Very good
.
RJ...
Nice
You ppl keep on releasing updates yet no significant problems are solved. Above that now you are imposing messenger on us.
Its too slow always has updates but yet it runs battery down and half the time I cant use my facebook
Best app
I don't understand why we have to get the messenger app just to text our friends I liked it better the old way you guys ate doing too much and your spying on people if you keep continuing to require messenger just for facebook I'm gonna keep giving you the same rate what's then point of messenger if we have regular messaging already synced into our phones if you get this fixed you'll get a better rating
Very nice
After i clicked on the post, i go back to the previous screen. But then it auto jump to the first post back. What are you doing, dev ?
Motorola Moto G.
Heavy and slow. Lots of updates but no change  Its annoying
It's much better :)
Its nice but the problem is after the new update my facebook can't even connect to the internet, I only can use after reinstall it once, but when I ever close my WiFi and connect it once again my facebook will not connect at all, please fix it!
Runs and freezes.
Very nice app
Versi terbaru 4. 7mb senang inbox gambar status gambar, video dan rakan status baru cepat dan pantas
7 updates in the last 2 weeks? Why should we believe this one will fix anything when the others haven't done anything but make fb run worse, slower and constantly crash?
HTC one duel SIM
Don't care
Every time it showing retry
Need to improve the way new password R enter I 'm Alway one . dot off I tray to many times they tell me to try latter??????
What you guys are trying to say with weekly updates .. You guys are not stable ?? Me started using in browser . not willing to drain my battery .
Load take so long.
Average
Unable to login.. I regret after updating the app..
Not copy post and stats
Good
It's nice to follow my friends and family on a daily basis. I lve the pictures and the videos. But finding friends old and new is great. How can you not love Facebook.
Facebook
Macha
WATSAP
Graet
Facebooktastic
I uses to like this app but now there are so many updates and gets worse after every one now my news feed doesn't load and neither do pages and other people's time lines don't load either and I can't comment on posts either. Plz fix this
Newer version is good!
I see no big changes , still the same
Showing old updates.not showing recent posts. Pls fix asap
It is great
Supper
Good application
More chance  of landing a man on ploto than getting on Facebook
Guys f**k less and work more PLEASE. Why can't you guys make this app LITE n' EASY ???
Nice
Awesome
I am so frustrated, it is constantly crashing down.
Helps to stay connected with lovable once. .!!!
Nice
0000000 galaxy tab 3 10.1
I am feeling love from this app realy!!!!;)
You would think Facebook would have the money to view some real p programmers and risky rebuild this app . for a list of issues just read people's feedback.
Let see what's new today
I loved the new updates
Gerkhemit
Loads wrong pages.  This is so frustrating!
i love it crays
I deleted my first one accidentally. I hope i'll have the latest version now.
Best app
Awesome..
Quit trying to control people!!!!
Love you
Sangat laju
I cant download this app and i love it
update app near and fast
Yo
Fine
Why cannot download face book on my samsung mobile during download it give uncuficent memory
Hi,my being human friend
Always get unknown error message when trying to watch a video on my newsfeed. Have to just use the browser version instead of the app.
I can't look at images anymore. I want to save all the funny cat pictures my friends are posting.
136@
Need chat here not in messenger!!!
Hated it

But make  it good because my battery is too slow,too many update
Good friend
Nice apps
Always closes out and slow at loading...
Face book can suck my a**. How the f*** am I suppost to like my moms post about cats when it won't load.
Perfect
Very slow always not responding
Com.facebook.orca, it keeps popping up. Really annoyed.
Nice
Please spare us these updates Mr. Zuckerberg. The app just keeps getting worse.

Great
Galaxy s3
The app constantly crashes and rarely even loads
Suuuper
Nice
Sadaf
Nice
While the application does what it's supposed to do, the redirecting to a wholly seperate app for messaging combined with incessant updates cause much annoyance and aggravation on my part. It's usage of storage is absolutely ungainly and disdainful.
Very  nice apps to use .... love this very much
Better.
hi
Good
Every time I open an external link and I want to get back to the facebook app, it crashes and it takes 2 minutes to start again. Still in love with the browser version.
Aditya thapa
be better. Don't like that it automatically syncs my contacts.  Very aggravating
Good
New updates r awesome.. :)
Its very nice
Works the way it says it does that's 5 stars to me.    Update, updated and once again all is as it says. Great work. My 5 stars stays. btw I have an LG-LS970.
Plz add something for downloading video.
For Sony expriya M for an older version
Can't even connect to WiFi since update I may as well not even have the app on my phone tried login out turning off phone etc no help at all just won't let me message or post anything or see anything
Goooooood
Still wanting
Irritating app. Too slow. Take G+ as an example and check how fast their newsfeed and other features flows and performs without getting stuck. Stop pushing junk updates in the fake name of reliability and performance fix all the time. Irritated with your useless updates nowadays. Only more memory is being occupied by Fb with these junk and cosmetic updates. That is why the average rating for this app is 4. It won't change until you change your quality of updates. Hope you take customer feedback effectively!
I love Facebook cause I finally found my sis I lover and I just to say happy birthday I love u and have many more.
o nice facebook
Taking too much of space. 134 mb awful!! :/
Cool
Slow and no messenger...
.what is this rubbish daily updates???? I really hate this app nw.
Sucking my battery and pictures take forever to load. And I'm using a galaxy s5
Good
Great social media tool which allows me keep up on family member events.
We can not turn off chat for friends. Every time conect to in ternet friends know im on line plz fix it and add it to app this option
Update made it so annoying to open... It takes about 3 minutes and comes messge "Facebook not responding! Please correct that!
Uddin
Friends
Loved it but nly the ting is its taking more and more mb
Good
This apps is good
the more you guys update the app the worse it gets I hate that you guys force MW to watch web links on your app I love using my chrome app please update so we can have a choice otherwise you are gonna loose me as a client
Please can u help me my friends and my family trying to call me but my fb doesn't connect to respond their call. Your help much appreciated thank u GOD bless. I only gave 1 star but if i they can call me i will give 5 star. Thank you
okies
Dope lol
I don't have a computer so the only way i get on Facebook is on my phone. I love this app. If does gives me trouble its usually my phone if i back out of Facebook and open it back up, problem solved. I love Facebook its how i stay in touch with family and friends. I'm uploading pictures all the time. I don't have hardly any trouble with this app and i have a ZTE Majesty
Good to social with family and friends
Love
FACebook
Too much updates. And please change the interface of the facebook and launch some innovative functions, otherwise it will be eradicated from our phones in future.
Exceptional
Awsme
Good
Its a nice application with great front and back end but when i click on any video to play from the feed it crashes. Please fix this bug. You just keep updating but dnt resolve this issue i hv stated. On 4.2.1
Mubashar Hussain
I  tried  many  times  to Share  a video but  it's  just  shows  that was  share  but actually  it wasn't
Its ok for local
I like to have it on my Mobile
Slow
simply hate this app, windows phone app is better than this
Massive Invasion of Privacy. If u want someone to know what u r doin, just a thought - phone/txt. Could even write a letter but stop with all this "look at me and how great my life is" bullshit
Great App
FB has...
Fgf
Bhut slow chalta he yr
A P Singh
What more can I ask for? :)
Very bad
Hi. .
Thanks
Every One month am updatin.., After updating it's not working good... I hope old version good
It shouldn't need to run on so much memory.
I like the new version!!!
D slowest app ever... never loads... jst waste of time..
Everytime I start looking it always takes me back to the top of the news feed
I would give this no stars if I could stops with the fucking updates. They're taking up all my memory!
No, you can't look at my browser and app history!
i can't upload one picture !!!
With every update Facebook gets worse, 1st of all what's with the showing week old post never most recent know matter how many times you click most recent! 2nd of all the app is just crap! Sort it out
Last update hangs/ stuck a lot on my s4......
I don't like the fact that I have to download this app! Too much unnecessary memory on my phone!
So how's this for an efficient user experience: Now we need to download a 25mb app to our PHONE in order to generate a one-time code to log in to a WEB APPLICATION. On top of that, to log in to the PHONE APP, we need to use a code that's sent via text message. Why not just send a text message from the web app login? Seriously annoying to say the least.
Jai.jinendra
I like it
The way of playing videos is too bad I can't play it with another app and downloading it and I can't see if I commented or liked a video and please fix the fast because he's too slow
So I had the old version of Facebook and I just updated it and my news feed its stuck on friday? Today is Tuesday?  Y wont it let you have a choice between top stories and most recent? ? This sucks! ! I hope someone fixes this problem? ??
BEST
after update..its to slow..
Great !
MUU APP
Very useful
Best way to get fast on fb
Is good the program facebook for android Thanks!
This app allow people to connect so gud
This application does not gives me any problem and gives more speed while using
Taking more time to load Images, even on 3g internet.
I like..
Great usefull
Since the update I log in and it just freezes. It no longer works. It all started with MySpace then to Facebook and soon everyone will go to another site.
Facebook
Keep having up dated n keeps having to b reloaded app keeps having to b updated
Than ever after several updates!
Chance of getting hacked. Twitter is better, I guess...
Salim ssh
Love fb
Worst update. I can't even open fb know...
Good
I don't want this feature! let me turn it off!  Also, bring the messenger functionality back into the main app.  I don't want two apps for this, it's annoying and I don't care if it's 15% faster.  15% of a fraction of a second isn't even relevant.
Keeps me saint
After new update so lagging when loading a pictures. ..
Facebok
Great app but can u stop automatically playing video plz
Way too many updates.
Constantly having to download because it screws up
The new update is unstable and always hangs please resolve it
Love it
But very loading
Can't logout for the first try. Need to logout twice. Better fix that. Thinking of downgrading.
okay glad u guys have done some updates I can now write comments with stickers. I hope this feature stays permanent. and also put this sticker feature in status updates.
Face book
While going through news feed, if i am to click on a photo album freezes and can't continue looking. Also is telling me I have messages when I dont. Terrible updates
Come on man ! Really.
Nice app and well speed       perfect perfect
Best
Excellent
Good
Good Platform
Good in daily use.must needed
When i need fb...it shows retry n loading!!!!!!!!!
Suck my mobile data quota... Run in background
Remove messenger plssssss
Won't post... when it finally does, I have 5 or more of the same comment or status. Only 5 of my pictures show up in the upload mode. I would really like to be able to go through my photos for upload by choosing from my albums. It would be easier to find an old photo to post than searching for 5 mins by scrolling and scrolling. Would love a new update fixing your current glitches. Before this update everything was peachy.
Slow, still can't edit comments, uses up my battery too quickly
Excellent application
Just fix it the right way please.  It won't let me open the app for more than a few seconds and it doesn't let me share or view anything.  Come on Facebook I know you can do better.
Good
slowwww ...
toooo muchhhh
Not bad..
What is happening to the new version of fb? After updating it's become worse....
Great
After update now I can not make comments or post
Too large on phone memory
Poor update again now it multi posts.
Good but at times Its 2 much
Can't open it!!!!
hii i am sanjay
There is a a problem with the saved videos, only some of my saved videos appear in the saved tap although it does appear on my Facebook page with a pc browser. Fix please.
Chod BC
Ok finally working
New update can't let me load my timeline...keels saying error
Right
Sheil
Why after update cant posting or share.status?
Omg what happened to the built in growers that was amazing, it used less battery life and also lowered the amount of apps I had open and cached
Good
Facebook
Need an update soon
Hate it way too much updates and it hogs up to much space on my phone bring it back to the way it was before all the useless updates
Its slow...
Awsome
Me encanta
The last updating is the worst thing that i've done with facebook.It doesn't give me the notifications on time , doesn't show new messages , it even loads news from 2012, please facebook help me :( !!!
Ramesh. Prasad
It's too good app
Error downloading..
Terrible. Get it together Facebook.
It's a best thing in the world
Slow sevice
Slow wark
I have my page set to where I have to approve tags to my wall. It's not showing up in my time line reviews when I click on it or on my page
Slow as hell
Cool bt
Better than the google search engines
Ms
10-28-14 latest update will not play any videos, HTC M7          The auto update feature sucks, when I want to update the newsfeed I'll swipe down. I hate scrolling thru the same thing I saw 5 minutes before. Also most recent needs to be the default. Hating Facebook more with every stupid update.
So big and pointy...
Love you
Too many updates but no improvements
I cannot post any thing after new update
Thanks
It force me to download messenger
Itz doesn't log out itz letting  us down fix it plz
Does what I need it to
nice app
Only updates no change........
Please make it to where we can cut off notifications. Its annoying getting notifications we don't want after commenting on someone's status or even a picture. Fix and ill give this app a 5. Thanks.
Facebook is a really good site and is safer than twitter as everything is private and confidential.  Whereas on twitter ur whole profile is public, so everyone can view pics and start a conversation with you.
This virson is over slow my device i6
Take so much space on ram
How do u update to beta plz this app is shockin !
I like Facebook and it's aa useful to all thanx.
Nice
Fb sometime speed sometimes slow
Its way slower now I want it fixed
Yasss
After the latest update,  having difficulty in viewing..pls fix
Was working Okey ,  the upgrade ruined everything ;(
slow speed and unstable
Yup
Very  nice
An
Can never find the most recent posts. -_- Timeline loses connection and the similar post thing that pops up after you share something sucks!
Not bad
Last update is so buggy can't even swipe from notifications to news feed
It keeps closing i cannit access my accojnt ols fix it
FB the best..
Good
Best
Slow. Laggy.
Hi
Number 1 trouble causer
Cbs
Always rocks
I used to be able to 'Accept' tags from friends before it appear on my wall. Not only i dont have that option to 'Accept', the posts doesnt appear on my wall too. To retrieve, i have to go to my notification to search for the tag posts. Please kindly work on it. Thank you

I cant use app,as soon l oppen ,app take me out,l cant use at all
Good
Having probs getting into account settings, getting posts 3/4 days late and also now having probs leaving comments! Thought updates supposed to make app better than screw it up and also uses high RAM  and updates take alot of room ok if work but now rubbish! Gutted as was fine until latest update!
This update is screwed. Can't like, share or comment on people's posts. Extremely slow and keeps telling me error #2 for everything!!! News feed will not update and keeps saying can't connect to server. Horrible. Just fix please!!
It is a very good aap.
Wants to read our device history and browsing history!
But still very slow. Slow on loadng, slow on everything. also, i hate the fact that they require us to use the messenger but then the messenger is as slow and  drains battery too. If i could give a -1 i prolly would
Good
Clever
News feed wont load most of the time. Its horrible. FIX IT PLZ!
Lovely
How much we are busy today? Too much. If we dont had FACEBOOK, how we could see photographs and videos of our friends and show ours on real time? But now it has become more than above.
Nice one..!!$$
Ok......
Basem
Nice
Very slow , ek dum bekar , kuch kro iska boht slow h , I have Samsung galaxy s3
Iz very slow. And the timeline & News feed doesnt load properly. Improve it only then i"ll give five stars!!...
Pls add video download option..pls pls..pls
It was difficult to start with, but the more l played with the cell, the better it got!
Something went wrong try again
Don
This last update really sucks.  I can't login It's saying unexpected try later
Plzz add move to sd card option...I have not enough phone memory in my HTC LEGEND...PLZZ
Pictures don't load, videos don't play, and news feed refreshes itself for no reason. Messages come through the app but don't show up on messenger app. Total waste of an app to be honest.
SONALEKAR
its ok ok avrage
Nitu  rani
Need to improve sticker .. i cant open it soon.. its tooo slow to open in samsung galaxy s
Best
Fine
Great, I can keep in touch with family and friends.
WON'T let me upload a very important video for my daddy!! Thank you mark suckerburg!!!! NOT! FIX IT!
Nice
worst app day by day after each and every update
Won't load then Deleted cache and won't load nothing will load ever slowing the phone
But why l cannot open quickly my Facebook can you fix it?very slow
The app used to be good and loaded quick.. Now it doesn't load the pictures, the text too updates either too slow or it doesn't..
Not so fast with my HTC desire V. FB must do some thing for desire V...thanks..
Good
Im not sure how this is still rated a 4 * this app is terrible. Daily updates that do not fix any bugs, let alone "improve speed and reliability" This app is not consumer inspired, nor do they listen to the consumer. Notification do not work. Not to mention the famous download the messenger app to view messages, as if this app didn't slow your phone down enough. This is ridiculous, for a Social media network that wants to connect everyone. You do a very terrible job with your apps and consumer loyalty. 
muraleedharanav
App won't open it will take ages to load up then just close down straight away 
O.K
Marvelous .. thanks.
Works fine i guess
Super Duper Messenger
Aung Thu Yaa A
C00L
loading and log always!
:) !!
Nice...
Its awesome ;)
Slow doesn't show all my f comments tries to force me into messenger.posts all my stuff 2x.terrible
Good
Love pandora
For the past week this app keeps closing after scrolling through a few posts or trying to click on anything. This update is even worse, I open it and it closes immediately before I touch anything. It is fine on my Samsung S3 smartphone, please sort the tablet app.
Love it...
Mukesh
Great
With all the time and experience other developers put into their apps fb can't do the same?!! It takes forever to load, pics also,...so much so I don't bother with it. Not dependable at all. I question whether these complaints are being acknowledged for i have yet to see any attempts to fix the issues. If so with every update it gets worse.! (Samsung Galaxy S4)
My feed doesn't update at all. Keeps giving me retry load failed. I get this error on WiFi and mobile data.
Very slow
Can't copy text Couldn't change profile pic
Let go make something work.Hey mark zurkerburg .I saw ur movie.Facebook wont last long if this continues.dont u people use this.Zor u use aby else
Noononoop
Best app
Fix this.. Thanks.. Images not loading after the update.. And it's loading slow. -_-a
Having trouble login in and it has my number don't want Facebook to have my number why do you have to give so much information about yourself its privacy too much
Keeps exiting every time I open a picture.
I Don't Like This App
Zzzz
Anirudha chandankhede
Disaster!  After the last update, Facebook app eats my whole ram up and heats up my phone very fast. Please fix ASAP.
:)
I hope you make Facebook more convinient to use. and please on the next update i hope we don't need to install the messenger app anymore. make facebook app like the app on Apple device with messenger built-in in it.
it's worst
Its not working in  my tablet!!!!
Again with the update now I have no room insufficient storage are u serious n ur stupid massager just makes everything slower
Wow
Too many updates!!!
excellent
Data theft found!!!
Updating is so irritating...very slow.
something as simple as being able to copy, cut and paste from within the app still isn't possible.
Rodzkypink..
Fix the dam bugs now its worse then ever!!!!!!!
FOR A BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY YOU WOULD THINK THIS APP WOULD BE WORKING . . && HOW COME WE CANT SEE HOW MANY FRIENDS WE HAVE??
Soo awesomee!!!  :D
wooow
Drains my battery and its too slow. Too much updates and no changes. Make it lighter
The version before this one i think more better..wish to un-update!!!
It sucks.
I love the fact that it preserves our memories n keeps our family n friends close
No good!
good work.. i appreciate ur service
I went out of town for a few days where I had bad data signal. When I got back, none of the pictures will load. I thought I'd missed an update, but it looks like it's an update that has caused this to happen. Not to mention that I have no idea how the app decides the order of posts. If I look away, I won't be able to find the post again.
Too speedy
It's good to canect new friends
123456789
Nona
Thank you
It was very good
I love very much
Ok
haji12345
It was fine before all these updates. I'm not sure what you are trying to accomplish but it is not working. I guess testing updates on multiple devices isn't an option either...... some good advice to follow: If it isn't broken, don't try to fix it.
Good ...
photos not sync through wifi.....plz fix it....
Bam
After upgrade still the same It downloads very slow and takes too much time plus much memory space please resolve then 5 stars
hlw
Great thanks for your help
Crashing all the time making this the worst app  i use. No facebooking in bed at night with this now.
Impressed moreee
1234
Nice
I like it
Italia veteranos dowload FASTTTT!!!"""'
its ok but it sucks that after u click on a notification u half to go back a page to click on a different notification
Like it...so simpl
Good
do we really need to update it always? wtf!!!
Ccccccccccoooooooooooooolllllllllll
Good
Yo
I hope that the next update/version of the facebook  is we can see the trending topics in the facebook!
I looking for what is the fast as a reasult. Afterthat can maybe to nice comment.
I uninstall it because everytime i type too loading and everything is delayed ¨R©n¨Q
Awesome
Fb ftw
No. No. No. Millions of dollars in profits and still a crappy app.
Vary nice
Nice
Average. Must improve security & fake Id's
This app is nice but it takes many time to open
Can't download. This app is a useless waste of time
Its okay but need to inproove
Please fix this!!Do you want us to stop using FB?LOL.Hated it.
Worst app on earth.....
Facebook
Alwyes gating sucses
Ever since these last few updates i really hate this app. Everytime you go through your feed if you stop to read something it refreshes and takes you back to the top then you have to go through eveything again just so you can finish reading what you started reading. Fix this problem and leave other things alone if there is nothing wrong with it to start with!!!!
Won't let me log in like are you serious
Sajid.pardesi
Good
the videos don't play, please fix it
I like this app most
I'm really tired of all the new updates. My time line is full of things that happened yesterday or last week or the week before. I want to see today's status' I have to wait till tomorrow. Ignorance! Now u some selective comments under the status without clicking in the comment section. It's just not necessarily an upgrade as it is an annoyance.  And now my Facebook has crashed 20 times already today. Seriously wanting my old Facebook back
LOki
Perfect
YG
Loved it from the moment it started giving option to even save images.....
I don't understand why it needs so much memory? 
Has an network error message. Fix that ASAP please!!
Lov¨¦ this
Update: OK, giving it an extra star since latest update, from one star to two now. Still slow: Previously> Takes three tries to load, if it loads. Constantly FCs, opens "¡­isn't responding", piece of #@$!! Hate this app, installing Messenger mm made things worse! When I don't install Messenger banner telling me to install it blocks contacts at bottom! Biggest headache ever! Trying another update after removing Messenger AGAIN, makes me want to close my FB account completely!!! Too old for this cr@#!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Just updated right now, and it seems i can't click multiple photos uploaded but i can view singles photos in newsfeed. Will give 5 stars if you manage to fix it.
This last update messed up my Samsung note 4. Can't even view the time line now.
Niceeeeee app
World most watch site and communication, thanks again
satisfaction
nice
I Cant install it... it keeps loading...
Please make downloading faster!!!!
Update: OK, giving two extra stars since latest update, from one star to three now. Still slow::: Previously> Takes three tries load, if it loads. Constantly FCs, opens "¡­isn't responding", piece of #@$!! Hate this app, installing Messenger mm made things worse! When I don't install Messenger banner telling me to install it blocks contacts at bottom! Biggest headache ever! Trying another update after removing Messenger AGAIN, makes me want to close my FB account completely!!! Too old for this cr@#!!!!!!!!!!
Huma
The worst app i have ever used and thats being nice! Complete garbage!
Nice
Good
nice
Best worst Junk I have seen in my life time.....Come on man cant you guys get this app straight or what.....
Always use
Check in feature doesn't work now.  Tells me I have no Internet connection even using data.  News feed should have most recent as default.
§³§ä§Ö§â§Ý§Ñ §Ò§í, §Ö§ã§Ý§Ú §Ò§í §Ü§â§à§Þ§Ö §ã§Þ§Ñ§â§ä§æ§à§ß§Ñ §Ú§Þ§Ö§Ý§Ñ §Ü§à§Þ§á. §¹§Ö§Þ §Õ§Ñ§Ý§î§ê§Ö §Ú §ä§Ö§Þ §ç§å§Ø§Ö §á§â§Ú§Ý§à§Ø§Ö§ß§Ú§Ö!
It Disable my video downloader do something plzzzzzzzzzz
Westing time
Good
Did not like it's new update  it is not fast even after using 3G
Don't download time waste mind waste money waste I am giving 1star because not installing now not excuting on my mobile Go to hike messenger is having stickers special and big for all over India for any number already takes above 35 mb and now says install messenger  another 20 mb ram extraaaaaa
Sure thing
Lakhan
Use it everyday.
No more crashing when I open my notifications. Good work. Not quite as functional as the desktop version, but that's expected. I'll never give 5 stars until you can block Instagram photos.
F.b apps getting worst and worst and worst... Nothing good happen everytime it updates... Very disappointing...
It's awesome
So on ios8 you could customize who specifically can see what you post and with android I have to go into the browser to do this. Pls pls add this feature!! note 4
Love
Please fix it it force closes
Another bullshit update get your act together
I like it
But Size of application is too much & it takes lots of battery life.....
o star
I like
Enough with the updates!!!
If they can do that is good.
This could of been much better
Yet another update. WTH? It keeps on getting bigger and bigger than this app took over my int.memory! My gosh! Please do something about this! This is really frustating!!
it always stop and not responding...so I always refresh my phone. So slow and worst app ever. Please fix it. Thanks!!!!
Improve it
very very nice
error
Good
Install
Rt
There is no more the option to download or save any picture or set my own picture as my profile picture... And don't force to download an extra app to drain battery... Not expected from such a popular company
0 stars. Stop spying on me
So slow
...
The last update closed the app whenever it felt like and this update closes it after 30 seconds. I have to open Google Chrome to go to facebook.com and that works but isn't nearly as fast as the app please fix Facebook the app work before the last two updates so try and go no that software
Stop forcing crappy time and phone memory consuming updates that don't work!  Won't open photos,  removes posts, freezes,  crashes -  must I go on? And it's not as if you care about your user's complaints either,  don't know wtf I'm even bothering to review FB for anyways...
Sexsl
Nice App
I can't delete the comments . Please fix this problem immediately. Then I'll give you 5 star. Please fix the problem. 
Ibrahim Hussein
Nice application
Opera mini Very Good :-)
Facebook
Nice
lay
Very nice
I like this
On android L comments were being displayed with a transparent background, this update fixed that issue. Thank you.
I love it
Yet another update! Has made my timeline even worse!!! Cant even load it now. Keeps telling me to retry. Getting very annoyed now. Please sort.
Seriously ready to delete Facebook altogether! I only like to play the games with friends....because EVERYTHING runs slow, crashes, can't see latest post without scrolling for days...I'm all for change but why change something that was working...very disappointed!
This update sucks big time
Sick of fb adding all my friends into my contacts on my phone!! I have to keep changing my settings DAILY!!
Very nice
apa khbr your all
Deserve only 2 star coz of its slowness and worst update. Who the hell is the developer of such a big app named facebook app? Its been almost 2,3 years since release of facebook app but still the developers are unable to solve the issues of huge users of facebook
Very very long
Love it found friends and family I had lost track of.
Ilovefacebook
Good
Rock fb
Facebook
Again with the f****** update not making me any damned happier
Notification is not work
Facebook
Waoooo
Awesome app but one pro it takes long time to load it
Nice
Your Android version is no longer supported... Really?  Android kit kat? 4.4?
Very good
THE FOUNDER OF FACEBOOK IS FROM THE ILLUMINATIE
Do needs fixin quite few problems galaxy s3

very slow app
What is going on? From the Last night Facebook is not working so good !! Why that?!
But DD. Drives me crazy lol
Vbb
Sony xperia
Why it ask download
This is very good
Fast and easy
Great!
I love
I have problems getting a pass word and i have on google a acct already i try and use my thing and the want something else if this doesnt work i will arease it all together
I don't understand the need for continuous updates.  Now I'm having issues with loading every time I go on especially with my contacts.  PLEASE RESOLVE!
Its working nicely
Cannot see any of my post at my page, nothing loaded. Cannot place new post! Hate this update, whish to downgrade¡­
Love the app
Good app......
Best man
Why oh why remove the option to choose between most recent and popular posts as your default view? Now I have to go through a menu to get to the only view I ever used... I suppose it's just another Facebook tactic for spamming ad's at me.... Time to try an alternative! I hate that Facebook are now trying to force me to install messenger. I only get the occasional message.
love it
I have to sign-in to my account every time I open the app. I never log out my account here in my own phone as I was the only one who's using it and this is just frustrating thinking that it's either the app's bug or someone might be accessing my worthless facebook account
Nice
I like using Facebook so that I can get in contact with my inlaws and plus my mother's side of the family
Update not updating on sony tipo
samsung s1plus is realy bad i facebook and send report every day frozen frozen frozen
Fantastc
Good
Mindblowing i have been using facebook since 4 or 5 years....and till now i m seeing its improvements and day by day its becoming awsumn and perfect. .
Working very lazy
i don't get notification on my Vodafone 875 please fix this
Swaroop
Koplak
slow down
great & thanks
Zahra
Every update brings more problems. Hate the built in browser. The app has so many issues it would take me far too long to list them all here. Please hire a real programmer.
Shittiest performance but if you want Facebook you must live with it :-(
Doesnt load stuff at all videos pause in between and an error pops up
Just loved it
The best one of a kind app ever
Awesome
:)))
Cant access pics since last update on samsung tablet. Unistalled and reinstalled still not working. Thanks Spacelook.
Nice
Why ask  so many  update
Just updated and there seem to be something wrong, I'm unable to log out properly at all. Otherwise I like everything else
very good..
Cool
The app closes after using for minunutes only,didnt use to be that way before it wasnt updated
Cool
Nice one
Facebook used too much phone memory, it now reached to 212MB on my phone!
Good
Use toubada yam nungai, problem leite. I love it.
Displays cover photo blank
my timeline posts hasn't updated since last updated of FB app
Far out what is this in app browser crap now all I get is ads when I try to open something to read and videos wont even play!
Communicate
Dhawa
Still not possible to share posts in private message to a friend... That's really annoying! Can't you make the computer version and Android app working the same way ???
New update is good. No more excessive lag.
Liked it
Ever now a days its not possible to leave without fb for me but what to do, other works are also there.but u most download this spp best entertainment ever
Keeps me connected
Update stuffs it up again and uses do much data
This app was working just fine before a couple days ago, and now, I can't scroll without it freezing, I can't try to look at friend requests without it freezing, I can't even close the stupid thing without it freezing and then once I finally get it closed, it comes back somehow and freezes!! WTH!?! Fix it or put it back how it was...reliability fix my tush.
Pramila bisht
It keeps freezing up and logging me off...was much better before all these updates
Kab se y use kar raha hai...bol to uncle se baat me karta
Because it gives information sometimes and messaging became easiest
Jagan
Terrible.  Wtf. Seriously. Get it together Facebook.
Only thing it tells me everyday is to update!!!!no changes no improvements!! Just eats up our data!!!
A great apps
Is consistently droping out and is difficult to browse newsfeed or click on anything. Have re installed 3 times and no change, all updates and kasperski protected. 
Nice
Why so many updates though they are not visible
Boom  ang aarte nyo kng ayaw nyo ni2 apps. Na 2 wg nyo download..ok
Daily update 
The best application
Speechless
Superb
Sign your life away, they have rights to everything you do on your phone and forget battery life!
It keeps hanging, my phone hangs too. Closes on its own accord. We have an update every other day and it only adds to the existing nuisance. Just because you have been well appreciated and used doesn't mean you will still be. Maintain your standard
Pics wont load... WTF!  This app just gets worse and worse with every update.
Why so many updates???
The good application
Cant use app at all nomore on samsung galaxy tab 3.crashes as soon as it opens.sucks big time
never slove my problem at all£¬keeping force close and say error£¬what is the problem cant even browse£¬i been send bugs to facebook but no one ignore me.uninstall it
Still need improvements.
I hate being slow...
Why so many updates?? And added almost nothing new -__-
Bad application! It closes every time i opened. After i updated it it froze completely !!! Fix this please!!!!!!!
Its awesome yarrr
I loved it until you took the messenger away. I refuse to download it. Its WAY too intrusive. Now I'm back to using the web.
It's ssssssslllllllllllooooooooww.. I hate how when I'm looking at a status, it changes up or automatically takes me back to the top. Who's "brilliant" idea was it to make the "most popular" news feed the default? As much as people use this EVERY DAY, you'd think it would be WAY better than this mediocre waste of space. Speaking of space, why are we not able to move the app to the sd card? Fix these problems in one of your oh so many updates this week please.
Good
Dope app I like!!
Too many updates unnecessary
Its amazing to surfing nd easy to understand
Communication in beeeeest
Open your eyes clean yours mind and let's go......
G¨¹zel.
Why can't we copy text? - Do you think anyone really wants a separate messenger app... I mean, really?!

The new update has resolved all bugs and issues. Thank you so much. 5 stars for this improvement!
Why sometime when i open it and suddenly it automatically close and i forced to open again and refresh... Pls fix this problem...
This app has gone way down hill i cannot even open any link or anything! It constantly just closes on me it is worthless going to uninstall until you fix it!
Normal
Awaisahmmad
What is newer version?
App
Great
When I exit the app, the app stays active and I have to shut it down manually. Cmon Facebook get it together.
Love it

Hasn't worked since the last update, and it's not been fixed despite all of the feedback from the throng of disgruntled STab 3 users. It's now been about 2 months .... what are you doing, fb????
WHY CANT I LOG IN ANYMORE!!!!!!!! WHAT THE HELL
LOVE
Nice
Good
Facebook is fabulous app
Home wants me to update Facebook but there's no update available.
Best application
Faesbook
Love
It just says wait a moment and ive been waited for an a hour and still didn't change anything. Pls fix
Good
Nice
Best way to socialise and keep up with friends
I can't installed this appcation.
So far so good
Its fun to have Facebook
Ohsem
Nice
Download
Gets the job done but heavy on resources particularly if your logged in and it just keeps running on the background on lower end units.
Nice

;-)
Very.nice
Easy to use

Love how this works. Love  the latest update! Love the fact that I can save posts now but would like to be able to save any post and not just some so that I can go back to them!
When im on 3g or LTE video wont play .....i get error wile play video ......on wifi videos works just fine
The BEST social media app. But there is always updates. Its okay if its only 2 To 5 mb.
Ok
Gkp.
Every week update?
Could not log in.didn't work tried several times .got annoyed.
Last updated full problems not working properly please check
Pheng sognavong
Nice to use..loved it.
Excellent~i love this apo
best app
Anthony
ur d best
Good
It's getting restarted. .of its own.
Why so many app permissions?? "Browsing history, identity, and bookmarks" do you need my blood type and social security number as well?!
ga loading sama skli. bnr2 payah bgt update-an ini. nyesel pke update2 sgla. sucks bgt.
good one
Failure anymore after updates
It cool , but always asking for updates
More best aps at presents to use in connections to people.
Lighten this app I will rate it 5-stars
ITS fast and easy to use the same time as the same time
Hate the new vers.
Now u can comment on a post with cool  stickers on Facebook's latest update of android app.
Whatever. ...
Vry much useful social site
good n comfortable
Top marks
I cant even get into mine it shuts down its crap!
furius
African
Loved it
Sick update. I wish i didn't uninstall it. :(!!
Yas im google parmanant mabar to google
Nice this update not bad
D prblm is dt it's a bit hard 2 see my profile pics nd i hpe ths wl stop always upd8s plz maaaaannnnnn....
Most of pictures don't show. Uh!
:(
Always getting errors loading anything
I love u my jaan
The app is awesome but some features can be improved. The in app browsing does not work.
facebook
Whenever I attempt to install, it wouldn't allow me and warns that I have insufficient memory when in fact only one-eighth of my memory is filled. Pls resolve this!
I loved it thanks
Ok
Nice
Great and fell happy
i try so many time to update but cnt get it.. im so disappointed
Why do we need to install another app for using messages? Crappy updates and loading problems,  frequent crashes is what we have installed through this app, not possible to use phone browser or pc all the time,  that is why I am keeping this app. One substitute comes and facebook will perish...  Hope that happens soon.
Nice
Seen lots of negative comments about the new update before installing so at first im undecided then realized that i can always uninstall updates. So i tried. And i think everythings working fine. :)
1) when i connected with telco mobile package , this apps runnng very well and good on my smartphones 4.4.2 android..its runnng so fast and no loading and lag when posting,open profile and picture and everything. BUT  no.2) when i connected with WIFI internet they have a lot of problem with this apps, not only this apps but for all android apps with android 4.4.2, then now i really knows that maybe have a problems with WIFI internet ..who's people live in malaysia using the WIFI ABN XCESS INTERNET.its suck!
very fast to use in wifi
I'm incomplete without facebook xD
Revelations is near! Btw can't sleep board so was reading comments an eating leftover Chinese lol
Reduce size of app, improve cellphone performance
This social app is awesome
Bb
Pls Provide Copy Paste feature... then this app Should b 5 star....
Especially luv my KIDS X 4 , Mom Dad  AKA Nana 
Gangara
New download  nothing will work shuts itself down samsung 3 tab user
Its really great because I can keep in touch with family and friends....
Keep having to force stop this app to refresh please fix
Good
Video chat should be added.....
I have to use bad fb no loading news feed and this unperformaly stope please change it
Good
So bad app
It is buggy and takes more ram memory . Make it light weight
It is okay but why i could not add smily face with comments at the same time , and ( log in ) appears from daily even if I did not log out.
Evil corporation
I love facebook
My fevrite
Awesome
Really got smoother
It keeps crashing and when i scroll down the news feed then it immediately takes me out of fb. FB used to be awesome but with the latest 2 updates this started to happened. My mom and need to talk to the family in Mexico through the phone call from fb and fb won't let us like i said it immediately takes us out.  Sucks!  
Nice app
maligaya
Doesn't load pictures or nothing
I've reinstalled it again because pictures won't load. Ugh!!!!
Everytime you update it you need to download the entire size. Even minor update needs entire size update. Disgusting.
Seriously would be 0 stars if option there really hacked off with updates . Get act together. Or twitter here I come
Very slow need to be refresh again and again ???????
Not bad....
Love the exposure
Minus it shutting off whenever it wants an loading old news It's ok
Nice
Quite good... But less quality than usage with a pc!!
Samsung galaxy tab 3 running kit kat, with these last two updates fb app keeps crashing on me!!
Please fix bugs..... samsung galaxy i9095
Super slow and takes forever to refresh. Feel like I'm surfing the world Wide Web on dial-up.
I updated my app &' now I can't do anything without it forcing close!! This is total bull!!!!! I'll just use my web browser screw this app that needs to be updated every other day smh
Beautiful app for connecting people & friends as well...!!!
App Xolo q1000s
Please stop the "do you know xyz" notification. There is no option to turn it off and it happens in odd hours. Pushing such useless notifications with no option to turn them off is the worst!
like it so much
Nathig spacial
Yahhhhh
Excellent app
Jiva 25
Hau
It's very fast and good though
His best on app ......@@@@
it useless and I cat open my fb
Since I am using this app I have to update every 5th or 6th day........
Loved it
It was hard at first but now it,s ok
Loved it
Love it I can stay in touch with all my loved ones,doesn't matter if they leave 20 miles away or 200 miles away ,can stay in touch just by the click of a mouse !
This is worst design ever. But app is good
Any time we see it we get a picture of updates and only updates
Sucks!
Its too slow
cellent
Very very poor I don't like or recommend and after 1 year it is still baaaaaaaad
WoNder full
Good
App has updated four times in less than three weeks and they still can't get it right !!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Ok not bad
Malware?
I like its new version..
Face book
I love it
Since the last update the app constantly crashes.While searching on fb the screen freezes and the message" Facebook has stopped" appears.  I'll change my rating when the app is fixed . Until then 1 star!!
And I love my Vegas
Constantly crashes on galaxy tab 3 android 4.4.2
Hard to load feeds error in launching. Please fix
Good
SO INTERESTING.
Facebook
Facebook
i love it.
Data usage increased
Selalu sangat nak kena update, apa yg tak kena....????  Gambar hitam, makin bercelaru.
Annoying updates
nice!
Always getting crashed when i open please uninstall facebook now!
Won't stay on screen, opens up the goes back to my home screen
Why does this use up to 60mb of internal phone memory instead of the SD card memory? Takes up too much internal memory on my phone. Will not reinstall until internal memory of phone is minimized to 5mb or less.
Always  asking Updates
Lightning fast.. What an upgrade
Sms, most  of the best, games on this  network, I like most of them myself, and all the friends and family I'd ever want, just a great way to keep in touch , when most of us live, states away,  thanks Facebook, I still want my becky jo wells Miller : Facebook  back , please, :)
I think face book has aces to enough of my personal info. What an ignorant request. We have already given away so much of our privacy posting on face book, I think I will pass. Face book can back off on its requests for me to give up my privacy or I will boycott Facebook and I know many of my friends feel the same way.
so much fun
Wast way to ctct frnds
Good
Daily updates  bore ....
Nice
great
Accurate timeline.
Owsone update
Once again a update once again nothing loads please leave what works Aline this is disappointing
Love facebook
Excel
It's up again.   Got to take this tiller today.   Loving it.
We can connect to the world
Gud
Everytime I use this I need to update it. It never works righht when it does open. And everything takes forever to load. Major thumbs down
Awesome
Nothing loads !!
X
Awesome
I can share anything with Facebook!!
Good application
Great app
Wow
What happens to freedom of speech!! I know my rights and that is sayin what I want that last one you guys removed didn't even make since to me all the others are saying things worse than I was bet nothing happend to them
Crashes when scrolling, commenting, sharing. Pretty much useless. Please fix and ill fix my rating.
Good
You know what would be great? The messager app that is in Facebook itself.
Team have some patience. If you find some scope for improvements do not release the new app asap with one minor change. improvements can never stop. You need to follow some process and deploy all changes in a new release. Not every day and new app.
Poor
I use to love this app. Then you guys just had to prevent me from reading my messages unless I downloaded the messanger app. What is up with that? Why are you guys forcing not only me but a lot of other people to download that app. It should be a choice not forced on us!
Perfect it
Stop doing crappy update could even see my own profile
All these updates are making the app horible. The pictures don't load. Status doesn't update and overall slow.
Pictures, WTF!
It's awesome
Don't we all love updates?
Very bad updates stop updating the app nonsense... This app asks every time that we've moved to messenger and i can't see my messeges from it and can't reply too... Very bad i hated this...
Super
Sangat baik
V. Good
When viewing posts it just crashes... Fix it!!!!!!!
App. Is pretty good.
Facebook was really good up until the latest updates like now it's saying I have to install messenger to be able to look at my messanges!! Not happy very disappointed 
Crashes and crashes and crashes
I would give zero stars if possible
Consumes almost 100mb of internal storage and 100 mb of ram.
My phone overheating too much bec. Of this app
Easy way to stay in touch
Fucked up big time uninstalled
Do not update!
Won't close automatically anymore, draining resources.
The new updates give them permission to use the camera on your phone at anytome, record your phone calls, change your passwords, use any pic on your phone, take info from contacts, all you have to do is look it up. You see what rights and privacy you are giving away
Very good
Too slow
Fb is awsome
Can never find the most recent posts. -_-
This time it better work on my phone. This is the second install.
Too many updates
I can't open facebook since last update.
It keeps freezing!
A lot of updates !!! ...
so far good
slow and always needs messanger to message some one
Nothing loads or responds
I updated fb twice,the second update was of 80mb,and again there was a notification on my mobile for the third update now its of 95mb.According to the Mbytes the fbs performance is not upto the mark.
Older posts does not gets load properly...  cant able to see the pics most of the times please fix the issue asap
I see all these post but I'm not having a single issue! Maybe its a phone thing! My android hasn't changed with updates. But my kids I phones have nothing but trouble with updates!
Good
Can you add a hide/report comments option please
Please facebook my phone memory is only 199mb and the others is used and i install fb and i shock that is eating my phone memory dear fb please change this and put the fb to our memory cards please reply
I had to uninstall.  It crashes all the time now.  Annoying.
Mst app bht easy h frnds download dis
Good
Instead of hiding the "Most recent" view, add a setting option to give the users freedom of choice.
Oh no update again
Copy and paste should be added like browser
I like it
Apart of the MANDATORY Messenger app which I don't like, I also found out that since the last update the app keeps running in the background even after I exit out of it. I now have to go to my running apps and close it down EVERY time I look at it. FB fix this!
thumbs up !
Very nice
A very good application
not approved
I love this app..but I wish for the better speed..
Good
Grrrrrrrr.so frustrated . nothing loads.no pictures,nothing.have uninstalled and reinstalled the app many times to see if it fixes it.also factory reset my phone .nope.grrr
Okq
Like many people say, fb android app only have one major problem "most recent news feed". Until it solved, 3 stars would be enough to appreciate ur work.
Good
.....?is very very slow work.
Y is it that every time I.try and watch a video the whole app freezes and locks me out of.my phone!!! Next time you.update this make sure you fix legitimate problems instead of changing stuff everyone is fine with smh... Thumbs down soon to be nanother user you lost
Nice
Osemm
Annoyed with this... can't see photos... all these "updates" suck!!  
untuk versi yang lebih lama..
Should make facebook a little faster
.....since separation  Messenger from Facebook somehow facebook app  is going  slower ini opening and wasting time going back & fort between facebook and messenger or its becoming compatible with "aging" type of  mobile phone ...
Improvement ll make the app better. But here totally reverse.
Those are harsh words I know! But this app is terrible! It used to be a "decent app" if you could even call it that. Just the fact that they removed messenger and make you download a second standalone app is effed up. I just want to open one app easily check my messages really fast, use my own keyboard, close and that's it. Dumb money hungry @ssh0l3s just like everyone in this god forsaken place. I hate you Facebook!
Thanks!  I have fun!
Phindile

Its really great to use!
2 Thumbs Up!!!!
Slow down all updates that screws up phones after we have to do them.. feeling sad.
Thiz app is too gud
A great place to reconnect with old friends and family.
Too many updates! Logs off all by itself. Have to change password to much!
Uninstalled, just going to use Chrome to access FB
With every update this thing gets worse,  slow unable to open pics and videos. I'm deleting my account.
its okay
Plz fix the news feed keep seening old post instead of recent
Loved it
Good.. Better.. And Now I Can Say.. BEST
Nice app
The app crashes after 10 sec or when i click on a picture to view it and then poof its gone. Tried to reinstall it  muliple of times dosent help. Its happening since the last 2 updates i think.
With every update the  app is getting worse.
HTC one , app crashes if you go to facebook search...sort it out please

Detesto ese chat porque no es una Sola con fb son diferentes.  Para mejorar el servicio que brindan para movil seria mejor que ambas aplicaciones sean una sola
In a nutshell? It just sucks!
I have a novel idea.  Why don't you show me all the posts from the people I'm friends with, once, and I can decide what I want to see, instead of showing the posts Facebook deems worthy, and then putting them back at the top of my feed over and over, every time someone comments...
Thumbs up
very good
Way too much access to everything on my phone! Updates constantly and stupid changes made that dont make sense.
Best social networking apps
This app has come a long way since I gave it 2 stars in 2012. It's almost flawless now. Super stable, no errors, lots of functionality. But it doesn't support viewing conversations by hashtag. Sad to discover this now just as I started a community project trackable only by tags. :(
Why should one install messenger app?!
Fine
Memory hogging trash app further tainted by forcing us to d-load fb messenger; a truly slow and memory sucking app.
Plz give facebook mini or facebook lite version which will better from this facebook app....
Good
Amazing
Reduce the ram usage
Update and update but nothing new
Newsfeed out of order.
Facebook
Runs very slow & pages won't open & timer keeps running
Nasty smelly chunks
WTF has the last update done? Through wifi I can't get the news feed to update, can't see any comments or load pictures and video. But every one of my other apps and Internet works with my wifi. I use 4g and it actually works. F**king fix it. 1 star.
I would like to say juz nice!!
Works fine on my Samsung Galaxy III, But shuts down on my Samsung Tablet
The best so far. Noticeably faster in loading feed n pictures. Good job developer  Edit: no matter how many times i set d news feed to 'most recent' it keeps going back to 'top stories' when i launch d app. Any way to fix this?
Update na nman ! Wla nman ngyayari mabgal, lag at wla pang pic, mas maigi pa opera mini tsk :/ mga ilan update pa? Nakkainis na. Kelangan idownload pa messenger tpos ang tgal din nman! Asan ang update na snsbe mabilis na at paginstall ilan mb lan hbang tumatgal lumalaki ung mb. Unistall nlan mabuti pa hmp :|
Speed really sucks
"It lags sometimes" - scratch that, you've managed to make what it previously was a pretty crappy app into just a complete disaster. This redesign doesn't bring anything new to the table and it makes the app even more laggy. Disappointing.
For an older version....
Creo a igual que todos que estaria mejor si se pudiera almacenar en la memoria SD en lugar de ocupar la del telefono.
Force close was sucks =.= i cant use it properly and i hate that! and pls dont push us to use messager that also logging!
When i wanted to see my text messages it told me to download messenger
Good
Its very good on my insignia tablet!!
Buena
ok lah
:-)
Good but has some probs
Good
It's OK but not excellent!!!
Not working at all now!!!!!
All you have to do is listen but i instead you put unnecessary junk into the app making it larger and slower
I liked it in the beginning. Forcing changes on us and asking for too much personal information doesn't make happy.
This app is horrible keeps crashing my phone.now it wants access ti my browsing and device history suspicious behavior.
Got the update and now if I click on most recent or go to check my notifications it won't load. Or pops up trouble loading news feed!
Very good
Very few pictures load. Links don't open. Thought it was my lousy ISP, but even on my data plan nothing loads!
When i checking fb,its not responding and forse close
Nothing loading again. This app just keeps getting worse and worse each update.
This app. is horrible. This app does nothing but stop working constantly. Thought new update was to help it not make it worse.  Hate hate hate new update. You need to fix it.
A full body cavity search right on my phone!
Nice
Great
Still waiting for the day you guys quit forcing us to download your messenger. Till then you will always receive a low rating from me.
This is the first time I've ever experienced an issue with Facebook's mobile app, and this update has completely broken the app.
It is crazy how much information is being asked to share with this app. I prefer full page access
Shit app ever. . Full of bugs
Fun
Very addicting
I hate this app, it's been 2 weeks since I updated the thing and I keep having to update it.  It's a waste of space on my hard drive.
Where is my profile page? !?! I'm really upset right now!
Updates are A WASTE of space!!!! There is no improvement whatsoever
But its same times not responding why not respond
Gets updated almost in a week
Every update makes it more crap... And crap and crap......
Wont open
U
Monika garg
I like it.
Facebook crashes left and right on my Galaxy Tab 10.1.  Please fix it.  It used to work fine.
It works great but every now and then it freezes and is very slow at loading.
Please fix it immediately before I decide to uninstall it.
FB
Aight...
Closed groups wanting to be open again...need to change that
Won't close after back button...
As always
I can always tell when it is time to update my Facebook app. Today it was getting slow and sure enough it needed to be updated. Now I wish I didn't update it. It's slower than before. Takes twice as long to load anything. It says it improved the speed but all its done is make me want to use my computer more than my phone. Fix it please and do what you say. If you say it's fast then it should be fast.
We should download messenger also without it we cannot see message and in game that my mom load fb then her fb came it take much time to improve and always update
I am not sure what to say anymore! But please make these update better please.
Nice
fridayfriends
The app says it's improved but all it's doing is taking up more space on my phone!
WTF
Doesn't work at all
every week I have to update
When I try to look at my photo albums it loads but the goes back to the *photos of you* album
Super nice!
Drains The LIFE Outta My Battery Since The Update. App Stays Open When I Close It, Arrrrgggghhhh !!!!!
Loved it.
Why so many updates fb can we get some answers please!?!?
Sadly to many adverts I have no interest in yet they still come up even after I block them so lose 1 star.
Something is wrong... Every time I get on the it tells me loading error.. So I have to uninstall it and reinstall it... How do I fix this??????
3g is better
Terbaik
I hate fb messenger, don't appreciate that I have to download it! Facebook you suck, might as well go back to myspace
Can't nothing downloading.do something easy for easily downloading
Message
Its time to delete the facebook world.
Forth update and this app still crash. What are you guys doing?
I hate when the thing say this person did this who cares
Good
Too many updates! Plus it kicks me off all the time! Idk if this app is worth having anymore
Love it.
Its a place u can talk to your friends and chat
Poor
What happen to being able to see ur cover photos and other people's and their information. U can't even go through the photo albums anymore. This needs to be fix ASAP
I can't go to anyone's page by selecting their name from my newsfeed. wtf.
When i touch on the tagged name it wont link to the person page. Please fix it, its brought us a lot of inconvinient.
It's fine for general checking and posting. I don't understand why the news feed won't show stuff chronologically
When commenting on posts it does it not once but 100 times and no thats not  exaggerating. Loading problems constantly. There is a great saying "if it aint broke dont fix it" i hate the updates cause facebook sucks afterwards
Good app for social networking
App need to be smooth. Functionality looks slow and also inactive. Data usage need to be improved. Battery features need to be fixed....
Can't upload a full image as profile pic. .............................................................................................My phone is Samsung galaxy core. ....it would be hang while using this app sometimes. ....
The best
nice
there's always a room for bug fixes... always some problem...need to fix everything so as to give it 5stars...still a good app
Stays open for approximately 5 seconds?!! would really love to swear at yall!
Good
Great n fabulous
Why a daily update!?!?! Please fix the messenger. I removed it because it crashed my phone. Froze my phone. And wiped a 32G SD card with all my pics.
This Is The Worst app ever
Super slow!!! Pictures, videos and comments take forever to load!!! Sometimes they won't load at all...not a very good app at all!
Loving
Support
Facebook
Another update and it only gotten worse 
Have to force close app. When I back out on my s4 it doesnt close the app down anymore, it continues to run in the background. Wastes data and ram, please fix... this is just getting stupid.
Awesome update
Love it but it needs to be updated
Good
Love it.
It is good app

The app will ONLY crash, crash, and, umm... crash with no warning. I restarted the device, no difference, logged out and logged back in, no difference, and reset data, no difference.
Nice Goodly Designed
Best
Its great for finding long lost friends & catching up
I really don't like it, making me change my name!

Keeps closing the update made it worst I thought it was going to improve it.
Ok
Nice . Looks better . Www
Althea smith
Whatever you have done you need to undo. App crashes within 3-5 seconds every time. It is unuseable in its current state.
This app is so big! Approx 70mb in my internal memory... and you have to download another app just to read the messages. WTF. I just installed this because its necessary. Just bring facebook and massages to what it was before. that'd be great.
Just like the other reviews nothing will load. The update is horrible. If it ain't broke stop fixing it.
good
The app won't let me tag any on my own pictures. Very annoying.
It sucks !!
Very, Very slow.
This new update sucks everytime i log on it cuts right off and send me back to my phone home screen yall gotta do better
App dosent close when i hit the back button  forced to close the app via force stop.  Please fix
I can't upload my own status, pics and videos won't show I can't refresh my page what do I do????
Drops out continually. .. Won't feed to other lonks. Awful
Muy buena
Awesome app
When I click on a friend's name or a site from my newsfeed it does not connect me.
My tab become fast after update it
Its ok but dey force u to get messenger nd it suck cuz it stupid nd retarted geez y u need messenger it facebook not messenger
Feed doesn't refresh, profiles don't load. So irritated by Facebook lately. Not even worth my time. What's the point of it now if you cannot connect with anyone. BS
Vistan
Because the app downloads.slow

It is useful to express all types of thoughts in our mind.
Cool
Takes 3 minutes to open. Always crashes.

Unsifisient device
Pleaseeee give us back our messages page!!!!! Two apps!!! Seriously?!?!?  some of us don't use it so much!
Notifications won't load..
D'ont like the new update of the photo crop , I prefer when we were able to put the photo without the crop stuff
To much space i like the one with 4.45 mb
Cool so cool
Logged me out and now I can't log back in I get an error message. Have to use browser to log in.
Love
It is best
0 stars if possible.  Says "incompatible download" with my brand new Sony xperia!?  Please fix.  Grrrrrrrrrr
I love it
The app uses too much memory and it's increasing size every update!
This is the worst app even I don't like to download messenger
Install
Can't log on anymore have to use the internet version smh
This app won't let me log into my own account! I know my password by heart, but still it says it's incorrect. Then again, when I use the app on other phones, they seem to have no problem with my password.
Good
Vanda
Exit to desktop if I click on anything... Pictures, comments, the like button. Can not even load my own page.
Vg
Its an average APP
Keeps shutting down when I click on someone's profile and reboots itself almost every 10 minutes. Gets very aggravating
Constantly loading videos & pics etc. and nothing comes up
Mantafff
App constantly closes itself when trying to use.  NO improvement with this update.  GARBAGE.
superb app
I did not get new notification s
Like tf? It keeps getting slower with each "update". It's terrible now.
Facebook in any android browser is far better than this application.....
Love it
This app is I not like it prodding is to late
Wont work only lets me log in
Update force closes everything and takes forever to load pictures and videos
it always have to update
Best social community app
This app used to be so great, now it sucks!!!
G mg run it yt? type grey edge tree eh Jr r tree at tree see tee at yt? st yt? e err ygm g link2099
Best
WTF!!!! The app keeps crashing
The update done on the night of 10/26 has made everything go wrong on my Facebook! Can't click into groups, can click on profiles, timelines not loading... Come on! I've got a Note 3 and it isn't faster and barely working!  Also, please give group admins using the app a search bar to access members quicker to block or add the option, please!
Luckily people like myself who have a custom ROM which has app ops or some other form of application allowing us to customize permissions are safe but many other people aren't, people who don't know what root or customs ROMs are. Please fix your permissions.
Force closes couple seconds after using it ever
Its ao good
All of my pictures are blank. Refreshing and restarting did not help.
Hai
It takes forever for my pictures to load to the point it almost seems I am offline. It's beyond frustrating. I gave it a 3 because sometimes everything loads fine but the inconsistency annoys the hell out of me.
Every time the news feed is updated it automatically jumps to the top of the page. Have given feed back twice with no response. Will just use browser now, tired of this crap app.
:-)
Ever since the last update the app doesn't work right!!! Comments always fail, I have to force stop it to get the page to update. It sucks, and that's putting it politely.
Takes forever to see pics
Why In the hell are y'all all over my privacy, back up
Yo
Just like Ig
Mg mg
Amazing app
Anytime when i install the app the error is given pls do something
Cant get on it
The search button on the bottom of the phone doesn't bring up the search
Since the recent update the app will not open. It either sits at a white screen or freezes on the loading page.
Spazzy at times

I like to chat with friends
Social media awesome
no matter what i do i can not un install this app from my phone, and its trying to make me install another 3rd party app for my messaging..
Its cool
Chin Yen Su

Get worse everytime
Its a place to get connected wth frnzzzz
Why with every other update does the option to sort the news feed get removed. I want to see the latest posts, not stuff from days ago. Utterly pointless!
It tries to force you to use the stupid top stories feed and buries the much more popular most recent feed in a menu. Very annoying. Also, removing messenger is a serious flaw. The only workaround that lets you avoid downloading the terrible messenger is to use your phone's browser.
It will get 5 stars if it downloaded faster
Sharing with friends
This app worked great until my Tab 3 did some kind of system update. Now Facebook crashes all the time. I have factory resetting my Tab, but Facebook still crashes if I try to do anything other than read my news feed!
Ever since this last update I cannot get pics or videos to load.  Very annoyed!

Guys, u r making a terrible mess. The photos are not loading and even after u released 3 updates, i am still facing the same problem.
Can't download it
what happened?
That certainly occupies a lot of my time , but I don't know if I can live without it!
Good
Keep hanging on my galaxy Grand Quatro!
I like it
This app uses so much data and now my pictures won't open your lucky you get 3 stars
Does not stay loaded, works for 2 seconds then boots me off
Application
Cassie
App crashes. Can't even open it
Love it
You really need to fix this app it won't load and keeps say Facebook not responding after last update
Like
awesome!
Ok
Very good.
All of a sudden pictures won't load.  What's going on?
The app keeps syncing my facebook contacts with my phone .... everyday I have to go into settings In the app and change my sync settings back to 'dont sync with phone' but yet it never seems to save for more then 24hrs.
Make provision in Facebook to download or transfer its videos into mobiles or into memory card easily and also there should be separate section for videos in personal account of a person in Facebook.  Thanks
Nothing is loading...... photos that I/my friends post are not loading.  This update did NO good!!
Rajam Sukku Coffee. Salem
lumayan lahh ..
Facebook
NIce
Once I closed the app by exiting, it is supposed to say that it has closed the app, but the update does not allow so on my S 3. Pls fix this for i have to bother to close it from the RAM
Lol
Bs. ......
I use face book every day now I can't log in what the hell
I really like it.
Videos don't load and pics as well this is not good for business and the app is extremely slow, brilliant interface though
Sip
Cannot sync calender
Hate that messages are separate now
Keeps closing on me as soon as I open it!!! I cant view anything before it automatically closes.
Ace
Facebook
Great way to stay connected with  friends
I have just updated new version and facebook became suck. Photo is not shown.
Fb hasn't worked right since the upgrade. .. Closing on it on. Can't go to account setting.
Very nice
Ever since i up dated it sucks! !!!!!!!!!!!!! It keeps freezen ! I have to go threw my browser it keeps logging me out!!!! It was way better before they started with there fuckn updating! !!!!!! It sucks
So good
Sometimes very difficult to open please make fast to open thanks
Freezing up
Worked okay when I first loaded and used it but now won't update or load anything older than a couple of days old.  This problem hasn't happened on my laptop so must be an issue with the Android version
Love the switch up ; )
I gave 5 stars because I like this app
Good
Worked just fine ..... Thanks to the update nothing loads and videos won't play...... Getting real tired of it Facebook
Wont let me change my cover photo
The new's feed Is always showing YESTERDAY'S stuff , I can't see my msgs unless I download messenger, and I don't want an extra app, just to see my msgs..if I could give it no stars , I would.
This app works fine on my android phone but crashes everytime I try to use it on my samsung galaxy tab. It will only open and and stay on for a few seconds, it will not let me comment or like anything without crashing. This app used to work fine a few months ago. I have tried uninstalling it and then reinstalling it several times on my tablet but it is still crashing.
For some reason I can't load it on my phone. It keeps closing out. Please fix.
Tr¨¨s difficile a telecharger vraiment
Good one
Like it keep in touch with family an friends
Simple but effective
Hello Facebook. I don't want the updates to always look at your priority stream. I want to look at the most recent first etc. Every time I open the app it has been reset to your 'most relevant' every time I click on a link from the stream it is reset to the 'most relevant' when I click back. I want my friends to have priority in my life not facebook   I will now delete the app and just call my friends as they always know what has priority.
Anu nangyari bkit nag eerror na sya
Sloppy!
It keeps kicking me out but other than that I have no issues with this update
Facebook
Film romantique
Perfect
Why you must update the news feed while I'm in the middle of reading something is frigging annoying! And when I post something, I have a full page of more about the page that made whatever the post was. Again, annoying! What's the point of the little arrow at the top of the posts? Use that to connect us to a page, If WE want to go there. Also, what's the point of letting us hashtag items if when I click on a hashtag we get the "can't load" message? First messenger, now nothing works, come on people!! Ugh!!!
I like fb on chat with frnd
It's good
Seriously?! After the update my facebooks been so jacked up, absolutely nothing will load
Can't update to new stories. Notifications need to be manually refreshed. Need to force close before it will refresh or load anything. absolute shite! Do not download! Once again Facebook has no idea what people want
As if we didn't have enough ads before Facebook has reached a new low of spamming it's with more useless junk every time you hit share. Uninstalling now....
How many timea i download thiss its always Unknown Error Code Blablabla. FIX THIS BEFORE I GIVE IT 5STAR ! :V
Jatja
Now none of my feeds update..another pointless downgrade..look at all these negative comments....congrats Morons
Needs to down load faster
It is good for speed chating with friends espically in andriod phones
Everytime I close the app then after a few minutes I saw that it was forced logged out... can u fix this plss -.-
Love it
Every time I try to sync to contacts with existing contacts it loads my whole friends list.
Still missing the news feed button. I get old stories mixed in and never new ones! Always different statuses each time I start app up.. where is the button to sort them from new to old?!
Too many changes beginning to be irritating . Ready to uninstall again.
Hate it after you removed messenger . Keeps saying facebook authentication failed. Deletes the photos uploaded
I love Facebook
Very slow not able to see pics n news feed updates.just irritating
Nice donr
Good
loved it
It's awesome
After the update I'm having connection issues, news feed everything! I have to go to my browser to look at Facebook now.
Its facebook...its the same everywere
When someone tags me in a comment and I go to it from my notifications, it should take me straight to the comment like on a desktop rather than having to load previous comments just to find it. Also I don't get push notifications for all of my notifications. I'd like to know immediately when I have a notification without having to get on the app every so often to see if there's one.
When I play a video it freezes every time! It's so annoying. Fix it ASAP.
B-)
I love facebook u can talk to people but on the other thing is people are also mean on there they call u names all kind of stuff thats the promblem with it still love it tho.
Now look nice also now we can put stickers in the comments I like that, now I just want to can add gifts everywhere and everything could be perfect...
it is a good experience great to get in touch with people.
Facebook
News Feed does not return to top when new stories are available
The app is continuously crashing on Galaxy Tab  3, use to be nice app, useless now.
Too many permissions Not even getting notifications from messages or posts they time out after  awhile
So cool
Facebook
Crashes constantly....go back a few updates...worked better!
Looking good
Marcus Barnes
Very good
Takes Up Way To Much Space!! Shocking!!
I have samsung tablet and it just shuts down. I remove and reinstall and still doesn't fix it. What's the deal?
Can't access my newsfeed EVER anymore.
The program works well but it keeps so much data that my backup program cant process it. That stops many of my apps from getting backed up when it fails out.  I have to uninstall Facebook to back up my phone.  Pain in the keester.
App
Bring back the old FB its pretty cool than this.. its too laggy.. plus the messenger consumes too much RAM
With yet another update to improve 'reliability and speed', now the app freezes up frequently and my phone randomly reboots. I'm about to leave Facebook behind.
Sux!!
After latest update the app won't close when I back out of it.
Use to like the app. Now it freezes all the time. Uninstalled.
It want let me change my cover photo anymore
Nothing is loading. Click on a page and it won't load it.
Time consuming but fun
Fackbook
Holy cows lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala what's up ok ok ok lalalalalalalalalalalala what what what what what what what what what what is is back that that whatever
Messanger sucks
Getting to know ones anothers is so easy. The  breakdown of barrier.
All the updates are making my phone act up and it's all over the place
Since the last update it the app crashes and return to the home screen
once again update has messed it all up. fix problems or im out.
I do not like how it adds your facebook friends to your contact list
New update is nice
Keep getting logged out facebook no fun anymore =(
So buggy it is virtually useless. If you using kit kat don't even bother, downloaded the update and even worse!!
Always updating to find ways to hack OUR mobile
Good bt gets slpw smetime unable to download
Too slow i cant open my fb.
Now have to force close app unless I log out. Why?
WE LOVE FACEBOOK YOU CAN TAILK HOW MANY YOU WANT
Too many updates,down right dumb
When I click on hashtags it says trouble loading news feed every time
For a older version.
Like
WHY did you remove the option to turn off notifications on posts that you have commented on. now i have to click on the person or page and find the original post and turn off from there!
On my galaxy s4. Just wish there were more options like in the browser facebook but oh well.
Getting worse and worse, please fix it (galaxy)
Unless you, all your loved ones and family live within two hundred yards of each other you need this app.  It's friggin Facebook.
Slow wont load!!!!!!! After new version
Just garbage, I only use it for family. Most people don't have real friends on here. Use SMS, or hangouts.
Can't upload pictures... Been trying for 3 days straight
App works fine
Now nothing works, I used to love it and I can't even get it to load regularly, everything I see is from hours ago and keeps giving me a load error. Frustrated!!!
The updates made my phone crash (something thay never happened) and they keep making stupid descisions with these stupid updates.
I dislike the fact that eveytime I try to read through my feeds, Facebook automatically bumps me back up to the top after someone makes a new post!!! I am perfectly capable of taking my index finger and scrolling back to the top of my news feed when I am done browsing for the time being. I will not rate this higher than 1 star until you stop messing everything up!!!
Higher vation
Like:-)
Why can't I post in my group pages..
It's ok
Please fix it to where we can stop notifications if we don't want to get them for anything we may comment on. It's so annoying to get notifications 24/7 from statuses or whatever else that we don't have the option to opt out of getting yhem..
Totally messed up everything about Facebook!! I want my news feed in actual order! Not the order y'all see fit to show them to me!!
This newest update has got to go!!! The pics in the news feed do not load!!! This is day two need to get it right Facebook!!!!
I have to uninstall and reinstall all the time now just to get things to load. Thought it was my tablet so I reset my tablet ant the issue still exists. Very frustrating.
I love facebook
Worst fb ever
Can't update, quit using up all the space!
too many updates and consumes lots of memory space
I love keeping up with family and friends that stay out of town,  and meeting new people in the area. The new up date suck no profile. And it's been downloaded for two days
Now it keeps shutting down on my tablet!!
Constantly crashing on Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. Every. Single. Time i get on. Ridiculous!  Needs to be fixed ASAP!
Nic
the app crashes by pushing any buttons(friend requests, notifications, etc)¡­  Are you really so kidding? Nexus7 2nd¡­ p.s. you have stupid and slow developers!
You guys suck no matter how many times you update it never works. Fix one issue create another. How bout paying top people to develop top apps. Not outsourcing to dotcanastan. Btw I loveeee having extra steps to sharing a post... Stop trying to recommend other stuff to me... Oh and other pages I may like would not include Washington redskins I'm clearly a NINER fan hence I like NINER pages not skins... Reformat your algorithm
Una metabolism
Very very nice
I love it
Is the best I love it
Now every post says just now, pictures will not load. Hate it
I can't find the words to say
Hate it
Gosip artis
Me gusta
Ok
Always freezes my phone. Have to remove battery  more than 4 or 5 times in a row before it will unfreeze.
Worst update ever.  I hate the new layout.  I don't want to see posts from last week.  Thanks for curing my Facebook addiction.  Zuck, instead of sucking Obama's dick, try writing better code than the healthcare.gov programmers.  0 stars if I could.  UPDATE:  latest version won't allow clicks on names to go to profiles.  Worthless.  Deleting.
Very very very satisfied.
I always see people complaining about how this app changes all of the time..... The way I see it it's free and gives me a way to connect with friends and family!!! So IM not complaining at all! Thank you!!!
Cinta khan
Good for me!
Can't open any outside links. Says all of them are unavailable.
I've my rating. I have had to and reinstall 5 times in less than 3 days. What the hell is going on?
Doesn't even work on my tablet anymore!  Crap.
Hihi
Nothing ever loads!!!!
Flat design is simple...yet it is well organize and fast to load...
I use FB a lot due to friends and families in other countries. Due to travels I thought it would be usefull to have it on my phone...but d*mn was I wrong! I have finally given up on using the app because: It's slow and takes up waaay to much memory+power. It doesn't display comments and posts correctly. It makes handling of pics and vids excrutiating. And now (with latest update) nothing loads. Literally. So I have deleted it (which prevents the Messenger app for FB from working).
I go to look at comments or pictures and the app closes on me!!
I download it and it is a real story
Can't get Facebook Installed
I would recommend this to anyone and everyone. This is one amazing app!!! Get it now or never!!! 
I don't want to download messenger just to chat. Sucks. It crashes, it doesn't load properly.
If this app would work right i would give it more stars.  Full of glitches and updates my timeline before i can read the whole thing.  Scroll scroll scroll.
Azizul
Links posted on the news feed do not work with the google chrome app, just opens a blank page when clicked
App consistently loads very slowly on October 2014 Developer Preview of Lollipop. Ran fine on KitKat with ART, not sure what's causing the slow launches.
It goes coookoo and shuts off when I open an article
Fix fb app for tablets!!! It quits every time! And now even standard fb app doesnt work any good on mobile phone! Cant see my profile posts any more!
Very bad update in terms of speed and images loading
Nice
Sangat membantu
Facebook
No longer shuts down, need to force quit every time or it eats up my battery. App isn't customized to android (uses photoroll from ios instead of the android gallery). No thumbnails when posting links.
It does not work on my Samsung Galaxy tablet since the last upgrade.  So frustrating!
Now that the new update has been installed,  nothing loads at all. Why don't you try testing things before you shove them down our throats? Samsung Galaxy S4
Nice
Since the update, the app keeps running after I exit/close it. I keep having to force close it to save mu battery. Updates should make things better, not worse.
Was handy now asks for too much, not happy that messager is gone.why is this app over 100mb.
I did not have any problems I love it Its a great app o hope the make apps more like this
There is no reason y no one want to b on Facebook
When im clicking the videos is always back at the home screen can u fix that bug....
very slowly after the bad new update
When I updated it now I can't see whr others posted or pictures nothing but wht I posted fix this problem now
Pictures,videos and some posts don't load... bunch of crap
Lol
Can't upload any pictures, the app keeps kicking me out
Diflomah
Facebook has a good app but you can't move it to your SD card which allows it to keep updating with Google over and over it takes up too much space in your device and this causes your device to slow way down! Can't you geniuses create an app that can fix this? Then I could stop uninstalling it so often!!!* thank you, George Roberson...
This is  not working for new software 4.4.2 my  samsung tab 3 
good
Love you
I hate stand alone messenger. You force users to install apps that exposed user's privacy.
And to slow.
I want to choose the order of my news feed. I want the most recent ones first. Don't give me your interpretation of what you think I might want. Will go back to using the mobile version.
I keep in touch with friend and family
I'll rate it a 4.7
Just downloaded fb ONCE AGAIN to my tab, it will only stay open for 5 seconds before closing down!
Everytime I click on a picture n go back I'm brought to a blank screen for a min or 2. EVERY TIME. 1 STAR TILL FIXED
Isn't loading any pictures !!! -LG g2
It keeps on closing the app by it self
fed up. How did the recent post went down south and post that was 2 days ago came out on top and the rest of the dates are all screw up I can't follow my friends latest post now. Even my own recent post went to somewhere in the middle of the past 2 days posting. Tried uninstall and install again still the same. Wth. Getting from bad to worse n worsen now. I'm switching to Tweeting then.
Always crashing while I wanna open it.
Kalido
Another Horrible Facebook update.. I think the blind can do better updates. . Do not update.  Might be the last straw and will delete facebook.. get ur act together and get it right.. no pics, no video, profile pics. HORRIBLE
This app is completely worthless to me now. I can't go to any groups or visit anybody's page or it force shut downs every time. Never had this problem before, but now I always do. Won't use app, only webpage from my browser. Stupid.
Since the last update the time line has been all messed up I have it in most recent but I still have stuff from yesterday in the middle
My Galaxy Note 3 this app doesn't load any pics what's going on ????????????
Keeps going off while viewing...not so good now.
Download please
Excellent
SINIZENATION
this fuking app sucks and why is to many updates facebook u suck
Good
The updated news feed keeps bringing me to the top even when I have scrolled down from it which means I have to scroll down again to find where I was reading something before. It is driving me crazy. Especially if I have been scrolling down for like ten minutes or so. It is not in settings  to stop this from happening and it is not my phone as I have the Samsung S5. Please fix ASAP.
Problems loading
Needs fixing with pictures.
So love it
Wish would goto sd card and after the last couple updates keeps shouting down and takes for ever to load never had this problem till then
Soo good 
The app takes up too much memory and space, plus its slow. Facebook is great besides that. The developer's should focus on efficiency and start-up speed of the app moving forward.
Good loved it.!!
I can not log in
Facebook  love it
It force closes me out everytime i want to post a status or leave a comment.
I can no longer log in to my account after update
How can't a billion dollar company can't fix something ;/so I guessing u guys can't fix a bike.GOD do something about this.
New update sucks
Good nice v nice
It deleted my account hated !
I am so sick of nothing ever loading! It is so laggy! I have the s5 active for att and my phone is fast but Facebook takes forever and didn't even load half the stuff
Hugely unstable. Unusable for the constant crashing.
Fix this bug app doesnt stay open more than 3 seconds before it kicks me out
Really terrible this app al these updates is makingnit worse can look at pics or it closes the app write a statusnit takes is 5 attempt at least to postnit as the app closes sort it out !!!!
Houy
App
Slappynne
What's up with the newsfeeds. None in time order. Top of mine I have posts from two days ago, yet scroll down an something was posted 19mins ago! Pictures don't load. Originally I thought my WiFi was playing up but then soon realised it's the crap app!
It is so amazing
Everytime close everytime problem
Kik is better than facebook
maddddd sic
I liked the other app better.
Everytime I get use to a layout, you change it up again. It takes forever to load and most of the time im on Wi-Fi,  so it shouldn't take long. Nothing loads.
It works its an app.
So much improvement is needed and the updates are not doing it.
So freaking laggy on note 4
It's Gash. You useless C*nts.
Like it.
Good
spike jon shouva
IN LIFE WE WIN WITH PEOPLE
When i click on a name in my news feed it wont take me to their profile. Serioulsy stop with the updates. You fix one thing something else stops working.  Supppse to be this smart company but cant even get your own app to work correctly.
FIX IT ON THE SAMSUNG TAB 3!
Good for social network
Its okey!!!!!
Who really likes the top stories.  Most recent is a pain to get to and keeps changing back to top stories. Facebook messenger being separate is so annoying. The share added feature is annoying make it optional. I don't care what else the page wrote or other sites like it. I'm sharing so much less due to this added step. About to give up entirely on the facbook site
Love
Love i
Hey Facebook your last update for my tablet Samsung Galaxy 4 will not let me get on facebook no more because of your last update when are you going to fix it and your last update mess some of the games up on Facebook that you have to get apps for so they don't work all because of your update
Since the latest update, I'm unable to watch videos. HTC One X.
This updated version is slower and everytime logs me out
Keeps crashing on my galaxy note tab 3 10.1. Can we get a FIX update for tablets please...  Guess will just have to use my  smart phone :-(
My videos won't load
Welcome thanks you
Won't load pictures. Super slow. Comments won't load. Takes forever to post a comment..... faster my aassss.
Bad keeps stopping
Excellent
love this app
Bonjovi
easiest way to connect with friends and love one's.
Nothing loads.
Epic, enough said.
I can't even download this crap

Simply unnacceptable for a multi billion dollar revenue company to release an app, which should be critically important to the way its users access its service, that is so buggy and slow. Pathetic
This app sucks never wants to load anything news feed is 3 days old come on
Video upload nae ho raha hy .. Plzz save
Can't get to my notification bar.. It's stuck on some post I was tagged in.. No matter how many times I hit the earth, it doesn't show me my notifications.
I've started hating fb since y'all made us download the messenger like stahp . Everything was better the way it was before.
:-)
No pictures will load on this app. An it's pretty stupid because half of what people posts has pictures
After some update this app crashes everytime i open it on my tab. Can you work something about this? It's so annoying that everytime I open it, it closes on its on!
the app crashes by pushing any buttons(friend requests, notifications, etc)¡­  Are you really so kidding? Nexus7 2nd¡­ p.s. you have stupid developers!
Its pretty good now
If you are going to give the option to tern off notifications in posts then please make it work.
I like it
The app is useless because it keeps closing everytime i look at anything..
Keeps shutting down, can't post without it cutting off and slower than before the update.screwed my tablet.Nobody responds with any help why report it?
its hard,
Wont stay open, please fix, i open facebook, scroll a little and the app just closes everytime. Tried re installing and still the same, very frustrating
Please put it back. I'm forced to look at notifications from stuff I don't want to see
Worst ever!!!! Nothing loads!!!
Getting worst day by day.. Every update is cheap than previous..
It spoils battary back up. Only app will gives weekly update to spoil our time and data usage. Nothing new.
Can you?....
Love it!
satisfactory
Keeps crashing and going bk 2 wat I was doing b4 facebook
Awesome too good:-)
News feed jumps to the top as I'm scrolling down and I lose my spot every few minutes. Refresh is set to never update.
Give me a chance to keep in contact with fam that ain't near by
You try your hardest but can you TRY YOUR HARDEST FOR ONCED thank you now have a good day
But still lots of room for improvement in reliability
Facebook
I love this app it's a must use app for anybody who love's facebook I recommend it
It refuses to log out completely!! Fix it please
Loved it
Takes ages for photos to load
Everyone is doing the picture comment thing now. When i post a picture comment, FB doesn't let me choose from different galleries. It throws all pics from all albums into one long selection of pics. I HAVE OVER 700 PICS! DO YOU THINK IT IS TIME EFFICIENT FOR ME TO SLOWLY SCROLL THROUGH 700+ PICS LOOKING FOR ONE SINGLE PICTURE?!  FIX THIS NOW!!!!!!
Nothing is loading!annoying..
Crappy update ruined it. Won't load anything, especially messages so I have to go to my browser instead, defeating the point in having an app. Fix please!
New update doesn't allow any pictures to load. Needs to be fixed. App is almost useless at the moment.
"Improvements" worsens it
Again new update and again no pictures or videos will load on newsfeed or my own timeline.
I don't like that I have to download the messager.  It's stupid.
Too many crashes on GalaxyTab3
Couldn't be anymore better. Zte Velvet.
This app crashes within seconds of loading. Samsung Galaxy tab3
Not a bad app but the latest update has left it very glitchy.
Can Facebook finally fix the Facebook notifications in the notifications bar, make it expandable and don't pin it to the top of the notification bar. Facebook is not the most important app I have. Also, please reintegration Facebook messages into the main app, I'm not downloading a separate messenger app, that's total cheap.
Yes
¡ñ26/10/14¡ñCleared Cache no difference ¡ñFB LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE ¡ñNO STARS¡ñ 12/10 cant do 2 interactions, app just logs me out!!!.¡ñ10/10 Is this app actually for the "android" OS, or just for phones, can FB answer that please?...¡ñ9/10 Just the same no fixes.¡ñ27/9 if FB was a shop wud be closed, do the fix. ¡ñ14/9 ZERO¡ï no fix for me ¡ñ10/9 SAME OLD FB all other apps fine.¡ñ8/9 Probs same no fix. 2 interactions then back to home screen. Device fine, had checked at my expense.¡ñ1/9 New crap update, still logs out, FB users = Lifeblood of FB company FB seem not to care, we still use-no alternative. Worst app on device !!.¡ñ21/8 CRAP logs me out 20 times a day, no choice but use, what else is there?. ¡ñ5/8 FOR CRYING OUT LOUD FB READ ALL BAD REVIEWS-CAN YOU HEARANY OF US, NO POINT ASKING TO COMMENT IF YOU IGNORE. ¡ñ31/7 Always logs me out. NO stars if i cud! ¡ñ23/7 What is wrong? moves me from my viewing to the f***ng feed page. PLEASE FIX !! ¡ñ25/6 Keeps saying FB stopped uninstalled again what a farce ¡ñ9/6 Updated and now when I click "photo' box, orientation changes from pan' to portrait, photos wrong orientation. Un-Reinstalled same. 1¡ï only.
Not loading pictures! Fix it.

Fun
After reading comments I think I will keep the old one. :-(
Good
Thanks for my family members. Good communication and have been cooperation will others.
Pics take ages to load!! So frustrating !
Good
Hit the "most recent" button and you still get posts from almost a week prior. Possibly the worst app ever created.
Still don't like it. There needs to be a way to get to your others folder in your messages and change it from top stories to most recent
Fun texting and sharing fellings
It closes me out of the APP AFTER about 10secs EVERY TIME
This new update sucks.  It is very slow.  Can't even move around on my screen. Galaxy Note 3
nothing loads  and error loading news feed fix these bugs
Good
Doesn't work the updates get worst ever time.  The internet version doesn't work always say no connection the app just as bad plz fix if u can't use the message button plz take it off the app
Really need to make it where you can move it to the SD.
Always updates and having to log back in and reconnect.  I don't like this at all.
Blessed
Love it
Fb
Awesome
I'm actually pretty tired of all the times I've had to force close this app. Unnecessary updates maybe?? Also.. it is super slow. I keep adding to this. I'll quit as soon as you make it better. Jus today fb has closed on me more times than I can count. Tired of it.
420SpideR62@Gmail. Com
The app still will not load or if it does will not stay open.
Keeps crashing after last update!!!
And fix the app for android tablets!
New version won't load photos/pages/videos even on a strong internet connection. Very poor.
The "Turn off notifications" button on a persons status you've commented on STILL doesn't work, and why can't you share a photo from your phone straight to a group anymore ffs??? Its taken 5 years and its still cow pat!
To many updates I can't keep up
This social media app is one of best in the world,where You be reconnect to your old time friend ,and find a new friends all over the world, but the problem is, l find it difficult to log in at times.
But it is not loading the post of pages
Cra cra way
Its awesome
I love Facebook because i get to chat with my friends.
This app has gone very slow after the update and when I click on a person's name to go to their page it takes ages and pics don't load at times
Nothing loads on the news feed or when i go to my profile or any profile no picture no videos NOTHING
Every time I open facebook on my galaxy tab 10.3 it closes within seconds. Im so frustrated because I have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 different times. Come on facebook 3 million 1 star reviews and you still cant get it together!!!
Very fantastic
The new pop up Windows when sharing a status should be optional, not forced. This is a useless feature that has provided me with little to no interest and draws focus on the app away. Uninstalling soon unless this is changed.
Doesn't even work anymore.
Loading is very poor
Love it
Keeps crashing
What the hell is this? App does not stop & keeps running after being closed. I have to clear RAM each time I use it. It was not like this previously.  Fix that issue, please
Update ruined the app. Won't load. Haven't been able to access Facebook on my phone since Friday.
It crashes loads its rubbish
Free
Its great app but it work slow on my huawei y511
Singh.is.king
Space needed to dowload app 19 MB. Space it takes up 41MB. WTF?
Needs another update to fix what you broke. Can't open pictures and app will close itself. Do a new update that works and you will get 5 stars again.
Waste
Please tap screen to retry
I like Facebook but it downloads so slow
Fakih
Nothing loads, what does is slower than molasses in December.  Facebook was always bad but this... this is ridiculous.
I have problem with fb page could not be loaded what should I do ,,, rest of the apps function normally
My tags aren't loading!
Its amazing
Keeps kicking me off my tablet everytime I go on to facebook it kicks me off .HELP
Excellent
Latest update has left me unable to log in and cant connect to fb in my games like pet rescue. Really hate that chat is now a separate app and you have_no_choice whether or not to use it
Improvement for speed
Make it consume less and it always shows not responding and stop doing updates also the new version is too much slow  then the previous one .....
Mustafa
For an Update :@
It's a great way for using connections between people from all over the world its so cool and nice seriously try it everyone .
Like
This app is very nice
Good
Graet
Why so many updates
Freezing up a lot
Nice one
Rajpers also love with fb
worst
;) :*
This good app
Good app
Ga bisa masuk sama sekali
It won't open the newsfeeds
Very good app
Holy Family Hospital
Keeping up with Friends and Family!!!
Okkk
Boss
Fix it
things this bad stail
Aacha nai
Great app
This app is horrible!  Will not stay loaded.  I've installed and uninstalled at least 10 times
I do not want Facebook working as my browser and did not give it permission to do so. When I click a link I want it to open in the browser that I choose.
super,awsome,fentastic
Sala ye batao ki itni badi apps banane ki jarurat hi kya he..or ye batao old cover page ko phir se rakho to wo new cover page ban jata he...purane like comments gaye....kisi kam ka nahi he atala...
Pls provide support for regional language in ur app as my phone is not supporting it. Pls pls pls.....
Good for talking to friends
Superrrrrr app
Plz improve it
No facebook
nice..
Cant open most of the links in the latest update. So there is no reason to use it
Ever since the last update things won't load. Very annoying!              Galaxy s5
All the feeds take forever to load on the note 4
Facebook as name suggest
This app has ballooned to over 17mb. May I ask why? It's become the definition of bloatware. Simplicity is key guys. Read, upload, comment, post.  EDIT - 24mb now, with crazy permissions to access every piece of data on my phone. Neat.
Jango
Crashes often fix it soon
Getting worst day by day. Latest update has slowed it. Still running in back ground causing phone to slow down. When this garbage gona fixed ?
Not happy, you need to identify the problem and fix it. Not release silly mild updates. This needs a full fix
SPOOK
This used to be my favorite app but now I truly dislike it. It keeps crashing. :(
Upgrade is for best results  not worse pls fix it every 10sec is close the app, image just black ....
Thanks
Niraj
Facebook and messenger take up too much space on most phones. It is nice that messenger can be stored on a SD card, but Facebook can't.

I had to reinstall facebook. I took it off thinking it was slowing my phone. Absolutely was not the case...So thank you for giving it back!...
Great application I love it.. makes browsing easier. .
Greath
It is soo good and fast
Very slow
Facebook crashes on Samsung tab 3 10.1.Started in august after 4.4.2 update. Google, Samsung and Facebook ignore problem just point fingers.  They don't care to fix it. Maybe time to switch to Apple
I like this app it is good
meneh
Superb
STOP FORCECLOSING
It makes my phone suck!
Me
AWSOME APP
Pages won't load now...please stop with all the updates if your just making it worse.
Video is not working. Whenever I play it it force closes!
Very slow!!!!!
Whats up
H Jharish

Speed
its not letting me download it at all . it keep saying error code -24 !
Great app
:-) :-)
Facebook
Has totally messed up my fb. Cant post anything cant see any the on my homepage since 17th june 2014! What a joke!!! And i know for a fact i have posted a lot more after that date... please sort asap!!
ok
Best
Enough with the endless updates PLEASE!!! Each update is eating up the memory on my phone at an alarming rate. And please make 'Most Recent' stories the default, not 'Top Stories'.
Wastage of time

Awesome app
Why does this Facebook app crash so much nd very hard to open ? Whats the use of having an app if it never work pls fix
Won't even install.since updating can't even log into the old facebook. Google won't search. Doing my head in bloody crap
I really despise that every time I comment on someone's picture, status, or whatever else it may be that I comment on, I don't always get the option to stop notifications. Can you guys please fix this to where we may ALL be able to opt out of getting notifications on things we comment on. Its annoying to get notifications constantly.
Se
Practical and accurate
Just simply great
Super
It works well. I hope it never change. Love it
Wow!!!!
Relly its good vision to playing facebook
I really want to uninstall this app but have not figured out how to do that yet.
ilouyou
Facebook update crashes and they don't care enough to fix it. This has been crashing since August
When I click on a link in someone's post, there is a good chance I will want to repost it after I have read the article. This becomes difficult when I go back to FB, and you drag me to the top of my feed, and reorder all the things I've previously seen so I have no idea where in the feed the link I want to repost is.  This is very frustrating. I do not want to repost before reading the full article.
Good app
Facebook
Won't load application
Good comm.
the app stops every time i get on it lately sick of it and they should not make u use fb messager to see your messages it suck big time
bb
?
Cannot access anything even though I recieve messages about notifications.  This is happening on my note 3 but not my Tab 4.  Fix, please.
Worst app I ever used. Wish I could give 0 stars
I like it.... ;)
Only love
Short cut doesn't work after installing updates
Its awesome
slow  as fuck
Use the web version save data
Lil
Very fine...
Updates every week!!!!!!!!! Irritating truly
Won't load anything
What ? New update make this app difficult to use.. fix it please
Its amazing.
App is getting time by time tooo slow.
A load of bull shit, photos won't load no profile nothing works :@
Abid Ali

Nice
messaging app integration!!!!
Its aight
I love it
I hate the Facebook new messanger.... Why forcing for installing..
Still has bugs.
Bad  application
Rr
Everytime it shows as unfortunately stopped. I'm using HCL ME U1 Tablet, Android 4.0
I loved it. ...
I had uploaded a hd photo but it was compressed to a blury photo.
B
Facebook is the best app for tympass but one thing is wrong that the messenger always  show online
I AM THE SOHE OFF
I hate messeger y do I have too get it too c my inbox
Why do people still use this
Thanks
m
It's nonsense that i am forced to install messenger just to see messages from Facebook as i did it for years. I won't install it and i hate Facebook app because of this enforcing.
Its good
Wow
Lot of bugs and doesn't show what I really need to see
im become hate facebook now!!how many times i need to repeat to choose a photo tat i wan to upload?it's too hard to choose a photo normaly..
I cant turn of the notification for the postes i'd commented befire...
Oh pls fix the Facebook
Nice
It's connecting me with many, many friends, including some old friends and old acquaintances that never met each other for years.
Awesome
Awesome
I used to have custom privacy for posts: visible to friends except limited profile. Can't do that anymore. I can only share with all friends or specific lists. What the hell?

Excellent
guyz we want speed ,not theme ! pkzzzz work on its speed
It doesn't work at ALL anymore, with latest update.
Chiranth
No images in the feed
Good work
Good Performance
Its aright...hi....
its good app and it brillent
All is well except size.its takes more than 70 mb of memory.it is not eficient for low space phone.developers pls fix this prblm
I love. It very match nice
Not perfect so I gave a 4* rating.
Not able to update
Great way of staying in touch with friends and family.
When I click my back button, I  do it to fully close my applications! Not to let them still open in the background, otherwise I would use my HOME BUTTON.
What the hell are happening to this app? It takes so long before I can log in! And so many updates but no progress. So slow! Wtf!
I love it

Doesnt load anything most of the time. Its getting worst every update. Next better have something spectacular and better load else its getting deleted.
It eaaats the RAM, about 150mb of ram is used even when its not open!!!
So sweet
I use Facebook for about a year and recently uninstalled it because i feel my time spent on it could of been used in more productive ways. It slowed my phone down and always froze on me. I stay in contact with people either by phone or the old fashion way, face to face. So much drama and negative people it really brought me down.
Shuts down on me every time
A good app to make friendship with others
Works good with WiFi..... Mobile network need patience..,.
I had the app downloaded but it wouldn't let me use it. I uninstalled it and tried to install it again and its telling me I have an error 24. Booooooooo
Very Goods APP
Give back the chat, messenger sucks
Very slow it sucks Actually not its very cool
I hate this update. It keeps closing on its own, I will be busy reading news feed and then next thing it closes and I must restart the app! Just to go in again for the same to happen. Its so frustrating!
Now you are totally ruining this app! I want the old version!!
The Facebook Is Very Nice.To New Option.its very fast all new version
Superb.i love it.

I love the old version.. the new one is SUCKS, need to crop profile picture everytime we upload :(( 5 stars for d old one.
poor
Fix your app
Love it
I see lags of lags...... I'm using FB on galaxy s4.... my dives have #OctaCore processor... and a 2 GB of RAM... so why Facebook is lagy........ please fix this issue
Love it
Nycc
NICE APP AS WE ALL KNOW
good
Faster
Tisha
Awesome ;)
Jignesh
Cheamli
Because we have lots of fun with this
The suggested friends that's integrated into my timeline  usually will not scroll right or left. Crashes sometimes for no reason.
Awesome
Having to use a separate app for messages sucks.  And this app is a data hog
Gooooooooood
Good
WTF?!?!? Here we go again! Another update and now almost NOTHING loads!! No profile pics, no pics on my time line, even my OWN profile won't load! And I can't even open pics or videos and see them that way!
It wowsome
Arpit
Gooood
Fabulous app
Please realize that in many countries there are a variety of English and dialects as well as different languages spoken...pls give us an option to opt out of spell check
I can't get in!!!!!!!!!. Pliz fix this problem
Juwel

I hate that this is how we have to network on our phones.not to mention the ungodly data usage and the invasion of privacy from messenger..which it makes you install.shame on the developers.as soon as the new networking fad comes out we'll all be there.not here
Too good!!....
Good
so amazing...
Love
Sometimes its hard to scroll down...even i use xperia z2
It looks like  Step by step improvement of facebook.
Hate it!!!!
Hi
Make it possible for moving app to SD Card Or redevelop app to consume less space in internal memory.
Takes up hell lot of time to load images even on a 4G network or WiFi with a speed of arround 40 mbps. Adding to that, eats up more power and forces user to install messenger. Your app is disappointing.
Why do I need another app for messaging that takes up more memory and uses more battery??? Update. Video and photo not loading. Just a white blank space. I'd give ZERO stars if I could. Use the web version, it's 100% better.
Love
Over 100mb is a fuckin joke and unless u sort it out facebook will not be on my fone
Goodcappli
Make me fed up always have to update every minute..so sad to use this thing on phone
marhab
Automatically reaches to the top when new storiesa are available.. and what's worse is that it closes itslef sometimes..     takes lots of time to refresh..bla bla bla.
bakwas
Enjoying it
Amazing app...
Sathies
N
Worlds best social network
After the new update... Pictures no longer load. Wonderful.
Yok
Gooooood very niiiiiice
Not able to open videos on choice like in my own player. Please fix it
Horrible app. One would expect better from FB. I have to force stop the app because its always locking up my phone. Messenger app also does not work well with this. When trying to message someone from the FB app, the messenger app does not work correctly and shuts down on its own. Very frustrating when you try to message someone and you're not near a computer. Defeats all purposes.
it allow me to short cut for internet
Is very irritating for me
Mukesh nishad
I have this on my LG G Flex and it freezes way too much at random times.
Crashes frequently & Using a lot of my phone memory....
I can't play any videos on my dashboard it won't allow me.
Since last week Facebook remains open in background when you exit. Never done before. Why did you change the behavior? Leave the app close properly!
Yhh
when I click on group link it take many times til I can open a link.
I Love This App Because in This App I Found My True Love
Dear Facebook developers, have a look at Google+ Android app
connecting people
Nelsianelsia
All right but also annoying
Worst updates
Bhainkade messages der we jare laude gaand pe martun
Good app
Pictures sometimes don't load up.. Noticed the app lags more now then before
Nice
I usually just use my internet, but I finally downloaded thr app and it is asking for all this information that it doesn't need to know.
Last update made aap too heavy and useless. Plz fix it if you want 5 star rating
Kenyalang man
Kenneth John Lower. Colonel Cab Inc  Louisville,KY 40229   COLONEL CAB, INCORPORATED  General Information Organization Number 0301955  Name COLONEL CAB, INCORPORATED Profit or Non-Profit P - Profit Company Type KCO - Kentucky Corporation Status I - Inactive Standing B - Bad State KY File Date 6/22/1992 Organization Date 6/22/1992 Last Annual Report N/A Principal Office 5420 ANTLE DR. LOUISVILLE, KY 40229 Registered Agent LONNIE W. MINIARD 5420 ANTLE DR. LOUISVILLE, KY 40229 Authorized Shares 1000  Current O
why we must install the fb messenger to view our friend's messages? so annoying!
Very nice
Since it's public maybe you should ask the people what they'd like to see in these updates..
Love it
..it takes an hour to open.. always say ,,,just a moment.. wat a heck....
I can't even get on this app for a minute until it shuts down on me for no reason. No matter what I'm trying to do, it just randomly closes. I've tried everything to make it work but it just doesn't. Uninstalling.
Nice and precise version for using fb.gud one
Love it
Hopeless
Rg
Why do you give Apple the better versions of the app?
Takes too long to load on slower phones and often freezes while scrolling. Would be happier if say a lite version is made for the slower phone users.
Good to be in contact with friends from world wide.
Very good
It is ok .I was busy and out of town so I off Facebook now I am back pl reinstall
I'm only on Facebook 2or 3 times a month. I'm starting to think its taking up to much memory might ditch it sorry to the single mother who makes 90k a year at this fine institution of smart noisy people.
Since the last update it keeps crashing all the time
Everytime i go to my notification the page wont upload.. It just stays on the previous noyifications...
I have said this in the past the more you change it the worse it gets.
Ohk
Gooooood
When you read something it always takes you to the top so you can see new posts! Oh, wow...so what about that I was reading???
Aaaand it's fucked again.  Thanks guys. Pictures not loading, erroneous comment failure messages,  could you guys test it before you release it?
Please have the app close properly...
Facebook
Unknown Error Code Blablabla. FIX THIS BEFORE I GIVE IT 5STAR ! :V
Nice
After this new update the app takes literaly all the space on my phone and this crap crashes everytime and takes at least 10 minutes to set up again after it crashes its just useless now pleaae fix this issues and ill rate 5stars.
Very slow.
The news feed is all mixed up all i see is old updates. I have to go to friends pages just to see if they posted anything. Where is the most recent updates button? I like that i can upload pics or vids in the comments, also post them without using data.
Nothing important about me
Brilliant update this one
Hope you can restore it's function just like before
Best apps
The app is ten-years this year so ten years of succses like ten years of living shout out to ma-self
Such a nuisance when you wanted to chat someone while you're glancing up pictures posted in your wall but you can't even put a word on the chat box since it goes out of the screen for about a second. You have to close FB app and open manually the none essential thingy "Messenger" to chat. I hope Messenger App shouldn't be made a requisite or mandatory. For me it's good to have it but in my own point of view I like the old messaging service on FB simplified and easy. No clutters. Bottom line: BYTES SAVER!!!
Cant see all the notification in this app.wen i scrol down i see the same and same picture..also in real facebook.hir in app some status cnt see..pls fix tht
Miss the share  as a private massage.
Would be great if you could edit and delete comments
Very nice
Nice
You to do!.
Sometimes it can log me in and sometimes it can't. It can be slow when loading and it's not my internet. Right now it won't log me out completely so when I try to log in again it jumps to the" tap to reload news feed" screen or shows up a blank screen. Upgraded to New version and I still have the same problem.
Love it
Tk cools
Okay great, now after the latest update i can't turn off notifications from other's posts
i like it
Facebook
Needs to decrease the size.
Best for using Facebook.. very clear and user friendly
Since I have updated to the new version, the app hangs and then crashes. Very disappointing. Please fix. I can't even look at photos without the app crashing. DO NOT UPDATE TO THIS VERSION. IT IS CRAP!
What gamma
T
Freaking app eats 800mb ram.. and stupid messenger too
I will b deleting this stupid app cuz it eats data like no other and yes I have turned off the instant video play. Way to be Facebook app for being complete crap appreciate it
Love it
Nice app
I do like it its fun but it relly bugs me when u have to put a code in and it doesent work
the whole idea of installing another messenger sucks!!!
Now, with this latest upgrade, I don't know if I have notifications unless I look at my phone every half hour or so.  And it still keeps re-posting the news feed so I have to scroll down to where I was.  If fb wants a better rating, then make something that works.
Am getting posts from two days ago. No recent posts Facebook is getting crap
l like this app .and you download this app
Accidentally del it then don't hv memory to download again ...need so many memory-.-
Its. Not downloading
Ever since the update everytime i open the app it just closes itself down and boots me off.. This version sucks. Facebook keeps getting worse.
Alfredochavez
Sometimes its stop and stopped working
It won't let me post pictures anymore. As soon as I select which picture I want to post, it closes out of the posting screen and reloads my news feed. Fix this!
It's supper woow
Always givening yesterdays  Update
Who thought we wanted an built in video player yet alone a stupid browser! Seriously!? I was perfectly fine with my stick video player that let me use pop out play and my Google Chrome Web browser!
facebookopen
This app is GARBAGE!!

Nice
APP SAYS ERROR AND WONT LOAD UP AND NOW TAKES UP TOO MUCH MEMORY AND RAM PLEASE DOWN GRADE IT OR CHANGE RAM/MEMOEY
G's
Not happy since last update my facebook  keeps cashing .
Since last download I can't share images or save to my device although it says I can please fix it and I will give 5 stars
By the time I get to the third post on my news feed, nothing will load: pics, comments, videos ect!!!
Very slow
Its so fast and will get notifications at the right time but it will take too space to get installed
Super
Great app
Slow slow slow
Gud app
Keeps on logging out lately. Starting to get really annoying. This happens to my android device and iPad.
It's good to have Facebook thanks
What was once my favorite app is now junk I won't bother using anymore.
good
When I want to upload any pic to a album it shows only camera picture...whereas we have so mamy pic on other folder....this probm must be solved.....very much boring app...it takes to much time to open any picture and sometimes it never opens...try to solve it...just can't take it anymore.
Won't load
Since update have had to force close this when finished using it. S5
Patna
The photos in FB is blur in my phone. I dont know why but the photos doesnt look HD anymore when I save them :(
New update..when notification shows someone commented under what I just posted, & I click to see what they said, it takes me to playstore to install a stupid candy crush game?!. If I wanted to install it. Id go there of my own free will. But even if I wanted to. I wouldn't be able to because your new dumb messenger app took up all my storage space. I should be Uninstalling fb. & using the web browser just to spite you. Can't even send videos through messenger anymore because you have a size limit.
Good
Awesome
Why, when I'm reading my timeline posts, do I lose the post that I exit from? It just disappears. I often want to share but this app scrolls to the top when I want to keep scrolling down. I don't want it to auto scroll. This is very annoying. I may as well just use Chrome. I have set this app to refresh every 4 hours. I think that setting is broken. Please fix it. Also, why when I do share, do I have to press the back button to get to my feed?
Its oooooooooooooooooooosm
My facebook will not stay connected. As soon as it opens it goes back to app. And then shuts down. Please help me. I am about to uninstall it.
Good
Best of this website
U R Giving Update in every Week but we cannot understood what update u r giving us
I love ittt
So love this app
Lord shiva
It:s so gooooood
This 1 is faster
I like
My febret
When reading a post (often an old post way back) it suddenly skips back to the beginning & I never find it again. Then I get frustrated & sign off.
Fb joint us with this app
Its ok but plz make it consume less space. Both Facebook & Messenger consumes a lot of space. Makes phone quiet slow. Plz fix this prblm.
Keeps showing me last weeks or doesn't refresh and it says up today I put most recent news feed doesn't show the rencents
Keeps crashing!!!!!cant even view things!!!!!!
Nice
Perfecto
It blocks you for sending friend requests for 4 to 7 days that's messed uhp
Every time I send msg. To my friends using messenger it always says.. Waiting for network.. I can't used it very well..
For some reason I can be in the middle of scrolling through my news feed and all of a sudden it's flying back to the top. This is the most irritating thing ever when you are in the middle of reading a post. Fix it.
breket kifle
Crashes continuously on galaxy tab3.. What's the problem?!
This is not good to use in android phone..when u use it phone becomes slow...and fixed on it exit button also..plzz.....
Take too many time to upload. Its slow to update. Not quick as whatsapp or hike.
This nice
I like it
Every time I need to search my one picture from thousands of picture before uploading it on my facebook wall.
Good
Great
Having to uninstall and reinstall constant. Needs fixed. Tired of it.
Mnr
Better. Built in browser is good.
Some time video problm.if u solve this problm u get 5star...
Since the last update fb seems to not turn off and keeps running even when I'm doing something else .... and seems to be getting worse with every update !!!
Nice App
Like
icant log in  to facebook now..it eats all my storage.....fix this!!!
I love itttttttttt very much
Perfect app

Fb is a failing app.
Why do i cant upload...gosh!!!! Arggggh
Kecerian dalam hidup
after i logged out my grandma's fb account. this is not working! Sometimes i deleting my songs on my grandma's phone and shutting the phone down.. Can you fix this now??
Wtf is this?! When I downloaded the app it was 19mb but days later it was 60mb+... Fix this!
Facebook
Ok
How come every time the FB app is updated, things get worse? I used to be able to see all my friends posts, now only about half! Uggggg! **Update** I just downloaded the newest update and now my phone barely works....FB doesn't work at all!!! I had to uninstall FB completely to get my phone to work properly again! Nicely done geniuses!
Always says "insufficient space" even though its not really >:(
Lower the MB is Good.Then try not include messenger on your official fb app..then put a theme just like FAST PRO FB APP
This app is crap!!
Everything is good but i cannot post photos fix it
I love it but I beg that it be a little faster plz plz plz plz plz and atleast 10mb
Has a bug on my tablet. I keep uninstalling it and reinstalling but it does not work correctly.
Very slow this app in the images not to see
This apt  really needs too be  fixed so it can work at   fastest  speed   anytime  used  not  looking like  it  does  not work  when i am  using it
Ninjas knuckle!
Im not kidding, like all the time! After that last update! Could you please fix it! Really hate this. -,-
Hai ra
I f**in' HATE The slow non functional app
New update is not good...cant see pics sine last update
Slow with all  
I wud likd it  more it be more faster
Fb is very good app in the world
But is expensive in using because while using lot of money expends.
Ios facebook iz better than android
Ap works OK but needs force closing after opening.
A daily ritual!!!
A bit laggy now
Thanks
Crashes everytime! I hate this apps...needs a lot of  improvement..
This app many times close on work
Without messnger it sucks
Poor Always trouble loading
Its consum too much space...
It¡®s fine now.
Can't even log in after latest update
Love facebook that's why 5 stars.....
I loved facebook......

Nice
Bcz video does not download that's why I am so cnfuse. Plz install video downloader in FB like image downloader. Thanks.
551607
It takes to long to set up facebook when I open the app. Fix this and the app will become perfect according to me.
Jay-Z
Goodnight
I love love!!!! Love it
Social media
Awesome lots of yorkie info
Rakesh Sarkar
Facebook always top.. if any version ll be update
Please have the close properly...
In every week one's update..
Nice
I like this app but the problem is it takes to long to come
Sindhu
ALWAYS  Rd . Batter then B/F
Someone  tried hacking  into my account, now facebook wont let me get in, so is there another app like fb so i can keep in touch ?
Using a lot of my phone memory....
Its doing great and u cn easy uplod potos and post it. It took a few sec to finish.
Apik
Ok
Terbaik
Must better to use facebook
So much
So 141 MB for the app plus 40 MB for Facebook messenger, they should just leave it all in one app.
It's too vulnerable
Good
The older version was taking up so much mB while using it .... lets see wht this version come up with ??***********
keeps on crashing....
I love that
I want to be able to download videos
My phone has 2GB free internal space but can't even download!! what the hell!!!!
This application is awesome
Very very bad
Too good!!!
Glad you've added the ability to reply to specific comments!
Slow
Malo je drugaciji,cudan. :P
Sama
Baklol app
It works, i guess. I think there should a way to modify the news feed from most popular to most recent. Also, the whole having to download Messenger separately is stupid. If that's the case, remove the icon from Facebook app entirely. Bring it back, two apps when one was sufficient.
Super super apps
Working good so much update not needed
Very nice for sharing thought and knowing about friends.
Why is it not opening sometimes and so.etimes it is slow
Very nice app
Awsm
Wawas.
Excellent
Ever since i updated its been not letting me play videos and lagging
an
Good
Best social web ever
Awesome.....app
It no longer loads on my phone or tablet. I'm thinking about deleting it all together. I'm pretty sure there will be another social media page soon and it can't be as bad as Facebook has gotten. I would give 0 stars if I could at this point.
Facebook
This is a great app to make A new friends
Very high memory needed. I hate this app.  Uninstall ..
Cool
Gud app
Super
Suuuuppppppppprrrrrrrrrrrrr
Everytime I use facebook, it uses some of my internal memory data and makes my phone slower. Please make the data consumption on the external memory/SD Card. Thank you.
I love the app more!
Rubbish keeps closing everytime I try to do anything
I like it
Great way to express anything
I don't know what the hell is wrong the app but after the latest update the photos just wouldn't load! Can you please fix this otherwise what's the point of giving the users an app that shows nothing?!
Cool
Good app
Nice applications that i want in my bored life.
Very Succesful! :) I Love This! <3
gud
Nic
Super Mb In Memory Sd Card. Login Slow
Fb online allways,,,
Nice
Doesn't work anymore!
Nice apps...
Okk
Thanx for new app f.b
I cant log out
App not closing down after use. Still running in background?  Please advise asap? Thanks
Sandora
Too much RAM
This is is is good
u dont deserve a star
Mujy download krana skhi dho
I click the app then waited for awhile just to see it spin in circles... it keeps getting worse with each update and they need to get their s**t together.
Nice

Amazing
What the heck guys, way to mess up a good thing
U look
Good To me
Suparb

I click the fb icon and all I get is a black blank screen. Samsung Galaxy mega 6.3
Hated
Good
Uses far too much space & Messenger-well..I've had to uninstall for the 4th time, as it interferes with FB & other apps installed.Slows everything down.Frustrated..Fix and I'll rerate.
.... I think I'm going to deactivate my fb account fb is so sks nowadays!! and FB!! LOOK UP!! AHHHHH WHEN I FIRST JOIN FB THERE R SO MANY PORN!! LUCKILY NOW DONT HAVE!I HATE IT!! I HATE THE MOST IS THE FREEKIN LIKE FAKIN BUTTON! ITS SO ANNOYING!!and users dont wanna to download messenger then,dont force us!!!!! NOWADAYS!!  LIKE LIKE LIKE WTF?! AND IT MAKE ME SO MAD SOMETIMES ABOUT THAT LIKE BTTN IS WHEN I TYPE A VERY LONG MESG N THEY JUST GIVE ME A FKIN LIKE BUTTON! THATS ALL!!!!!
Its good
Wont update then shuts down or freezes in the middle if the news feed¡­ grrrrrr
I don't get it. This is a multi-billion dollar company's app & its a headache. Why can't they make it  better like WhatsApp ? Which they already own. And these freaking updates sucks literally.
New feed does not refresh anymore. The circular progress icon just spins round and round. It was fine until recently. Now I can't use it. I restart the phone and it's ok for a few hours before it can't connect again. Only happened with recent upgrade. Judging from recent reviews the new updates are causing all sorts of problems.
Don't download time waste mind waste money waste I am giving 5 stars because I am using also. Go to hike messenger is having stickers special and big for all over India for any number already takes above 35 mb and now says install messenger  another 20 mb ram extraaaaaa
Talk
Large aap
please fix!
Segomotsi mothelesi
B
FV
i can not install it
Gud 1
i can't zoom in while pinch to zoom in facebook after the latest update, pls fix it fb!
Stays active in the background when closed
Great
I am on the go a lot. Nice to be able to stayed connected to family and friends.
Exellent comunication network
Runs very slow
Keeps force closing
I like the games
Review by Gaswin Raka
Cannot put location after update! Please update
Thanks
Chard wakai
§¤§Ö§ê§Ö§Û§Õ§Ú
Since the recent update it crashes every time i try open it.
yo
Good
Low intrant
I updated yesterday thinking it would have some nice new features but now nothing even loads...
Always crashing
I like it
Pls make it fast
I love it its amazing.........
Download it
Error 492
Love it
Update after update, and now the app only works over 3g, 4g connection and uses my data. Will not work at all if I am connected via Wi-Fi.  Thinking its not worth having.
specialist the great apps..
Could be better. This app uses way to much data. I cannot get videos to play. Also why am I not seeing the most recent posts?  Instead I'm seeing posts that are days, weeks, sometimes months old..... Not necessary!
Very weak connection..hard uploading photos... kantana stoping my facebook.
Thi phone is hang
This is stupid we have to download messenger just to inbox some one when messenger can steal your identity an stuff
G
Hate the reliblity of this app, keeps crashing whenever i tap on any post. Fix the issue ASAP
Amazing
Martin
Roana gawat
Some of the photos are not showing up. news feed sometimes doesnt update/load especially older ones.
The title says it all
great...!!!please make multi tab option lik n  browser!!!
facebook !! wat a nic app
Nice
Nice
Well it works but I can't view most recent posts which absolutely sucks. I think Facebook is run by sadists.
Good one
I
Galaxy S 3 mini
How the hell did it reach to 100 mb??!! Are you kidding me???!! This is so messed up!!!
Congrats
Facebook ok but why need many add hey stupid  people do not download crazy app or game sucks!!!!!
Update when u got something new....stop updating daily..it's suck man...plz improve your app....we want a app running butter smooth...got it
Excellent
Best App
This  is  so gooood
Every time you update something else goes wrong. I now have to turn off my WiFi connection just use this stupid app
;-)
Can finally reply to threaded comments. Just need to be able to post and like pages you manage as yourself, now.
Unable to view any photos since last 3 days. App keeps crashing. First I thought it's my network connection problem, but it's happening over data card/wifi every where ! Please fix bugs .. high time
Better than before
Will not load pictures under any Internet coverage since new update
Fb is sooo hard to download now
The best application!
It is not showing that how many friends are online on my chat so very bad app////////
Facebook
This stupid update won't even let me access Facebook anymore. Doesn't even load plezzz fix asap
Its vry good
cant connect
Plz try to make that fb takes less place....
The update i got on 10/26/14 is horrible. Nothing loads right and you can not click on 95% of the stuff you want to. It said it improves reliability and speed but it did the complete oposite.
I've never had any problem with this app apart from the amount of data it eats up
Ft
:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D
Can go a day without open it my problem is it takes time to load
Friends and cusions chat with toghther
Too bad now, your apps eats alot of my ram. Make my device slow and lag. Please fix it.
Best
Why this app eat may mb at all please fix it
i like it
Good of app of social network in play store
I like dis
it's still a little slow though...
I like it it verry good app
Very nice of facebook
Great app to be used in connecting friends..
video download must be added
This App needs to be low on space. I wanted to install new application but I have to uninstall some of the necessary apps cause this app is so big. Otherwise This is a nice application.
Uses to much data..
what the (f) = facebook its nice  whooahh yaaaaayy
Stupendous
For some reason it takes ages updating news feed won't load, happened since it had a new update was running fine before that! My newsfeed has been trying to update now for the last 20 mins.
Doesnt work over wifi...what therr duck!
This app is very slow but i like this app
This update  sucks, it always force close it self. I cant read any of my post nor check any of my notifications! ! PLEASE FIX ASAP!!
like
Facebook always updating eats so many storage on ur phone and the last update it cant be open!!
Love the new update. Better,  much better. Hope the performance is as good as well.
Rashanpreet
Bring back the 'turn off notifications button, was such a good idea. And make it possible to search throughout a group
vearry good site
loved
I love this.
After the last two update this app is already making me sick! It just simply shows it loading then nothing and it will just simply crash.  I need tons of luck before it will open.  Fix this! I don't want a painfully slow app.
Amazing
For old version
Its brilliant,  I have had it for so long!!!!! After several years, whenever I go on to ky messages or news feed it says session not required please log in again. Now im going to delete it and download it again, if it don't work its 2 stars. Despite tge fact its a hood app
Its good now ...but I would like to see another update. Maybe something better like changing the layout or making the status bar color blend in with the app...thank you other than that 5 stars
It works really slow!!
Awsam
This is so very fantastic app.
Its slow & it won't let me watch any videos on my fb 
B
Best
Ok
Pim
Too many updates too frequently. Uses a lot of phone storage space.
New update is so much buggy and keep on crashing. Its hard to control since the new updates. I like the older version.
Easy to use.
Nice
loved it
Thanks
Every time the app is updated,  it's worse. Freezes, kicks you out, etc. Just fix it and then leave it alone!
This app ran for months without a hitch, now it closes at every click,Also play store decides to freeze everything while it forces advertisements onto the screen, even during login.
Patil
It always says facebook session expired right after logging in. Please fix.
I can't install this app. Why? Pls fix this
Nyc app
This app don't work it needs updating ASAP please.
Despite waiting a year finally got the app
The new update is horrible! Can no longer choose to sort by most recent or top stories, it now accesses all my private data, and I no longer get the option to upgrade or not! I hate it, and other certainly would never have updated if I was allowed to choose. Unless it goes back to the previous version soon, I'll definitely be deleting. Not happy, Facebook. Get your s*** together, and ASK us next time!
No matter the issues it has a place I'm my/and others lives...
this app is slower than it's previous update just dislike it!!!!!!
It want let me sign.in
I cant edit, reply or delete my comments on facebook. I cant view photos in comments. I just switched to android from iphone and I had lots of problems with that fb app.... This one is much worse.

It's getting old that while searching for groups or pages, and when you click on one and then back out of it, it takes you all the way back to the top of the list, even when you're (let's say 50) down in the list. It would be nice to back out of a page and still be where you were in the search list. If y'all don't mind get that fixed or tell me how I can avoid that issue and I might be able to bump y'all up another star.
It's getting worse and useless with each update. It closes suddenly after few seconds of being opened in a galaxy tab...
So that it could loads faster.
Won't even run on my Android tablet. The last few updates have broken this app
Facebeook
Love this
This last update has some good qualities to it but more than half the time when I'm signing in it just takes to long to load or it doesn't respond and sends me back to my home screen. Its very nerve racking to have to do this many times b4 it finally responds and loads. Can't even send feedback when it crashes bcause the feedback page comes up and disappears within seconds b4 I can respond to it.
Too good. ....
Super slow
Very nice this is a software app
Hi
Thanks Mark and developers who create this app. :-)
My feed does not stay set to most recent.  I cannot see all the posts,  comments or likes.  And now none my pictures load in my newsfeed.
Enough is enough. Fb app doesn't use my default browser but the built in. What is that for. Who asked them to do that? Plus 200 mv use of ram on 25 MB app is very suspicious. So long fb app.
I LOVE fb
U
Never boring!  I like it
Hassan
This update is not compatible with Samsung Galaxy S4 on 4.4.2 Although i exit,the app does not exit and still running. And then there is a problem in chatbox especially active friends Please fix these bugs
Everyone of my frnd used it so i was jst thinking to take a risk but now i Feel its good
Not bad
Take action for this i will give 5
The ability to turn off notifications on posts that you've participated in, is missing!
Logged me out and wont let me use new password I jumped through so many hoops to reset
This is a great way to contact all yo frands wooooooooooooo
Totally reliable if u dont want to use the wesite... simply awesome.
Every time it updates my specific settings are rest. My tablet does not have a vibration function, I do not want videos streaming instantly (IF I WANT TO WATCH A VIDEO I'D LIKE TO BE ABLE TO DECIDE INSTEAD OF IT BEING AUTOMATIC), it reverts all my notification settings, and it is the main reason why my battery dies too fast. Its annoying and ridiculous, just fix the issues with reverting and battery drainage and maybe you'll see a four.
Continually crashes after opening.  Please correct this issue
Great
too slow.. pls make this app eat less memory..
Just love it. No more word to explain.
Cant see pictures
The feed is never up to date
I love Facebook!!!!!!!!!!!
Pls organize photo by album or some sorting feature on Camera Roll. It takes time to select with older pictures
With each update it gets worst I can't even open it up now I don't want to send any one emails about my problems with your facebook app why don't you send emails to fix this instead of me telling you guys and telling me to email someone else...
It.alright
The app seems to be more sluggish then I am used to. There is also this weird issue where the app always opens to the exact same post no matter what notification I click on. It's also fairly annoying that unlike other apps in which I can clear the cache and get most of my storage back, the Facebook app seems to require me to clear everything about the app as it almost caches nothing. It's a fairly easy thing to do however the app takes almost 10 minutes just to log back in and get it to work right.
It says "Facebook could not be downloaded due to an error. (498)" Please fix!
It always load for to long.,sometimes i can't open the app fix please.
Facebook
Super slow & makes my phone slow. Too much storage on it!!
Face Book
I try to open somehow itself off quick please fix it
Perform is better but aplication cannot be closed with back key. Still running in task manager, must be force kill..
,
Not bad
Cool
Nitish raj
I want to check my messages but I can't without Messenger. I don't want to install messenger. Please fix this.
Better so far
A drain on your battery
Face
Pretty cool
Good
I really like to talk with peoples
Killing the game :)
Lol
¦Ð¦É¦Á¦Í¦Å¦É ¦Ð¦Ï¦Ë¦Ô RAM!
F yeah
My phone works great but when I try tuh log in it takes time
Woh!!! Ho ho.....
Greatest appeared
Its true and i dont want to delete my games
Keeps dissappearing.
Very good
Nice
,
dwnload now all myfrnds its free n nice and i like than messager
Fix it!! unknown error code during application installation. (919)
Bebe te amo mas
I like it i can socialize with my friends
Its good
Best
Best is always worst.worst is always best.
Good
I can't play v¨ªdeo. Every time I want to watch a v¨ªdeo Have lot of crash. And 5 minutes to load the News Feed !!!
Takes up too much space it says 20mb when i download it but after ts downloaded it reads 107mb wtf
Nice
The newest update is horrible. The app will load(slowly ) but pictures take FOREVER  to load if they ever do!
it's take me too long to logged out!
Uses to much memory. Freezes too much. Always shows old news. Too many updates. Takes to much memory. Overall just crap
I'm saying it because I c it on the comments bellow I might like it,I will change if I have to
Nice..
When u update u'll noticed that fb app just now really suck!!!
I love Facebook because you can see people that you have not meet
Best social networking site
Constant error loading news feed. Keeping up with friends is NOT faster than ever!
news feed notification photo is not open properly.
Facebook
In privacy shortcut, "who can see your future post" there is no custom. You can't customize your viewers unlike the desktop version.
Messages is not putting that other star.
Does not work on Samsung galaxy tablet.  Constantly closes the app, unable to do anything.
Genious
Jus uninstall n re install dont have to deal wit messenger
New update on my tablet is horrible. When I try to go to someone's page or a link the app closes. As long as I stay in my feed its fine but if i want to click on anything else it shuts down and I have to start all over. Very frustrating
Can't login into my account it's so frustrating I'm using Samsung galaxy grand you need to fix it...
Deav
Love it
liked it
Keeps saying error retry wont load god why did you ruin it!!!!
LIKE  IT. THE. PICTURE VIEW OF COTID. STEWART. AT. ALL
Why is it that i can't download videos?and really i hate the messengers app...hope anybody can answer me!
Device privacy sucks
It's gone worst now.... The app is not even launching anymore.... When u tap the icon it just gives a white screen... Plz solve the issue... As the app is taking up a lot of space it needs to work otherwise I would have to uninstall it....
I am using 6102 model,I un installed few days back now am trying to re install but it unable to get. problem is what?
Little to do when compared to FB app from iStore, nothing when compared to Paper app for iOS. Simples and outdated interface and crashing troubles
But everytime i open the app it crashes...fix this please...
Great app.
Its giving problem... i am not able to see pics...
WTF? Updated for improvement but I update it and it stops working? BAD facebook BAD
I dislike the fact that i have to download facebook messenger just to check my messages, when fb already takes up most of my phone memory, it should be an option, trust you'll get more downloads if you put the messages back on the app.
Facebook keeps crashing when I try to update my status to "watching" something. I have an HP Slate Limited Edition Beats Red.
Nothing special needs to be more user friendly not liking the fact that you need to download messanger to view messages and chat dissapointed with facebook for that
Its great
Good
Funny funny very very...
Would be great but you really need to update facebook for Samsung galaxy tablets,  I have a samsung galaxy 3 10.1 tablet and I keep getting kicked off every 5 seconds I can't even use Facebook on it :( Please Fix
I was on FB and it says it isn't responding. Even when it seems to be working just fine. Please fix. Not fixed since my last report in August. I report every time it crashes and still its not fixed.
So many update. Sometime to slow.
Hated it
Can't upload pics directly into the albums .. very much disappointed
Good
Sometimes It ll gets hang.and I can't able 2 access it showing reason expired

Its good but takes lots of ram and phone memory. Make it more efficiant.
Follow me in /barkimustapha
Great to text, add groups, and send status & photos to friends & family.
Uninstalled to fix problem and still having problem!!!
New update force closes, can't use. Just awful!
muito lento.
I refuse to allow bookface any more intrusion into my life....PERIOD!  NOW I can't even click on what I want check out...error msg says not permitted....huh?

Please make this app able to save on memory card, I keep getting message that says insufficient space, so then I have to delete other apps to make room for it
Eh. Its ok but nit my fave app
W/all apps linked or less, having to check every update to block followers,  privacy, small improvements.   Needs to have everything blocked 1st then options to turn on during setup/update. Not automatically on when search to remove features. Every other update adds annoyances that unknowingly internet for dummies don't fully explain or warn.
It cool
Support
Facebook
My phones ancient. But the new update causes app to constantly crash or restart. Please stop crowding this app with bloatware.
In the right way
Gbg
It closes constantly no matter how great you internet is. Please update to fix this bug. I'm deleting the app. Done trying ......
Find family and friends.
Excilent
Good app I guess ????
Good
I love it so much it is a good app and it helps me a lot!
It keeps crashing tire of it
I love my facebook
Always slow. Knocks me off. Doesn't give all the info. Asks for info that's none of your business. You've turned a great idea and mucked it up for your own greedy misguided agenda. You have forgotten that APS are supposed to be a convenient tool, not an info sucking virus. You have wasted enough of my data and time. I will not worry about this being on my phone any longer.
They want you to give up to much of your private information on your phone .
FWaqa
Awsome
Love it this is awsomr
Keep going cluing great
linalina1234
Awsome app
A perfect bridge to stay connected to the loving friends
Have to update once, sometimes twice daily. It's really not worth it
Fun
I'm a Facebook addict.  An Admin on a couple of pages and this new update has left me almost standing still trying to get anything done..   Please fix this!!!
Feed refresh errors, images won't show even when refreshed. And I definitely didn't need your built in browser. I don't know what you did but it broke something that didn't need fixing.
The app keeps getting worse with every update
Garay
EASY to use
Best....
Forces closed when I try to share or change a pic. Get it together guys. Love Facebook but what's the point if I can't post.
When scrolling down the page it sometimes jumps back to the first of the page.  Also it would be nice if the posts were actually in order by time posted. You can look at posts 10 times and all 10 times they'll be in different positions.
A bad app period! Uses to much Ram, eats data, stores way to much data even though I do not sync anything to my phone. It is slow, it lags.... The beta program us a joke so it's not improving the app at all.
Keec se kabhi itna pyar mat karo kee baad mai khud k ansu he na ruke
But since you guys bought whatsapp, then why don't you make voice note comments
Ever since force to get messager app etc my fb app has had errors so often I reported it more then I should have to I always have to delete then download again on my smart phone had this issue with my last lots of bugs in the updates it seems
Easy to communication &  send everything in few second.
Crap update..app shows as an active running process when logged in..
I love the app, but after update can't post status or comment at times on my samsung galaxy 3 tablet.  Don't know if it's facebook or samsung at fault. It knocks me off facebook and back to home page, Frustrating! Please help fix it.
Gud gud
Not nice. I cant open my account!!!
Works like it is supposed to
So fun
Nice
The whole thing
This app is terrible! Unusable! I have to use my browser to access FB. I thought being developed by FB, this app would have been better. Shame.
fb is Just adding more bugs to spy on It's users while the phone is idle and listening and recording without no ones knowledge to sell all the info to the government. We need our freedom which we are all giving away freely to them. Another update one week later 10-26-14. DON'T BELIEVE WHAT FB SAY THAT IT IS FOR IMPROVEMENT.  All they do is spying on all It's users
Quit with the updates, every time there is one, the app gets worse and worse. Where is the old app from 2011?
Like
Since last couple of updates, of which there has been quite a few in quick sucsession, I'm experiencing extreme difficulties to log out, but that's not to say I am perprtually logged in, I am in fact locked into a never ending circle of it trying to log out, & trouble loading newsfeed. I only succeed in getting out of the loop once in a blue moon! Completely messed up!! & when I do get in, newsfeed is now rubbish!.....It is not an older version!!
Going better
Facebook
This app auto refreshes right when I get to something interesting.  Hate it!!!  Really needs to be fixed!!!
It keeps running on background.even if i cleared the cache and data..thats why it drains my battery and data even not in use..kindly fix..thank you..
Made my Facebook a lot faster. Rather than using the one one my internet.
*****
very good, but still has less feature than the web browser version
Fix the Hashtags.  They stopped working.
A real friends ship all would
News feed wont update on wifi, neither will notifications and it is buggy and so slow in general after the most recent update. Also sick of there not being an "others" folder on the mobile version...how difficult can it be to add in that feature? Limited security options on mobile. I dislike it as it currently is.
I don't know bout it sometimes. I really never ever loads
So good
Great app except for posting videos.  It takes entirely too long.  It's as bad as iOS on Apple. Fix this asap. It's completely unacceptable. No one seems to take this seriously.
Was enjoying using Facebook when all of a sudden now when I open the app as soon as I start to browse or try to post anything it closes on me¡Â(.
So much privacy given away, makes privacy a thing of the past!
Everytime I use the app on my galaxy tab it force closes if I try to read comments, look at pictures or view a profile.
Its working for me what
Keeps closing every time i try to comment on a picture
Too many updates, and all they do is make it worse.
Awesome
Leona Davis Baker
So now you can't even access anyone's pages without typing in there name.... come on guys... can't use Facebook on a new note 4... smh.... such a sorry app
Facebook
Ho oh lah
Takes forever to load if it even loads at all. Seems to get worse with each new update.
if you get it you cant uninstal Warning it do not get it
Can not upload or play my videos
When i open my fb . It will stop and always force closed ! Please! Fix this !! I can't open my fb anymore if you dont fix this problem ! And please stop daily updating !
Good app
Why do I always have to reload the photos to show?!
Have uninstalled the app so many times but I just continue to come back to it. Today is no different.
Is a very good apps for phone, very useful. Thanks for this apps.
Keeps exiting the ap when searching for people
I love Facebook
Since the update I have not been able to get on my Facebook. This is truly annoying!! What's going on?
Slow, stuttering and stupid.
Helps me communicate to with people across the world
Man
It grate
A must have
This is the app which is found in almost every phone and all android phone doesn't have a good hardware so facebook should look in this issue..!!
piece of crap won't stop closing and it's slow
Works great...
I try opening the app just as I finish updating, and it won't load! Usually it takes about two minutes to load and I was left waiting ten minutes without the app working! FIX IT ZUCKERBURG
Won't even let me me update now!!!!!!!
Facebook be jumpin!! ..
I am not sure what to say anymore! But please make these update better please.
With the latest update the feed has issues loading New content especially on WiFi
No longer shuts down, need to force quit every time or it eats up my battery. Not like you people care anyway. Iphones rules lol, let's port that crap to android, never mind differences in the OS. I should just uninstall and use the mobile site instead, gives me more options as a user, fbfu bigtime!
Alright I don't like logging in and out when someone else wants to check out their fb page you always lose data
So many updates yet such little improvment.. what are the actual changes besides spying on users private messgaes?
It soo awesome
Won't even work now the I updated my app.
I'd like to have more access on the mobile app
S5 version isn't loading everyone's pics in the news feed what gives?
Wont even let me type my email and password. Just loads and loads no matter how many times i delete and redownload it
Go friendster!!!!!!
It's Ok
Shouldn't make us have the messenger app.
Is adding events to my calendar?  Way to turn another app into complete garbage
Force closing.not responding. Working verry bad :(( on lenovo k900..please fixxxx
Fecebuci
Sudden crashes and miltiple non-responsive states every day.
Since the latest version, this app has been force closing on me non-stop. It sucks because I have to use my phones browser sometimes to connect. Please fix this bug and stop changing something that has no problems in the first place.
Bad
Great
Love
I cant open it. It takes too long to load and always not responding. It eats lots of the phone memory. Uninstalling it. I'll just use the browser coz its much faster than the app¡­
It won't download so yeah
Ang saya
good job.. very fast.. love it.
Addicted
I can't click on names ever since I updated it
Loads super slow, not intuitive, just a pretty bad app for a company that racks in millions and millions of dollars.
Since last update it won't play videos all the time
i hate facebook
What is this?
SO   Love it
In one with a smarter phone download this app.
Greatest ever!
It's a good way for people to get in touch and share a laugh
good
Just awsome
Crashing every time I open the app. Can't even use it anymore!
That so powerful
Cool!!!
All of you stop rating 4 star below! It s a nice apps. Am I wrong!. Just rate 5 star and give a nice description.
Updates take me to the top when in the middle of checking posts. Stop! I'll go back to the top when I'm done scanning posts. Sometimes I can't find where I stopped after update. Please don't take me to the top of the page unless I decide.
It crashes
I love to using The fb .but now I hate it .because it always noted in insufficient memory.
App updated and is continually freezing or crashing. Most of the time it won't even open. Please fix!
Goooood  thank God
Good
Awesome and sufficient
Okay
Enjoying the apps,,
It works  with no BS.
Since I updated  this app, I was hoping for the better but instead it became the worst app -.- Aside from automatic closing of the app, its always unresponsive. I am hoping for the better in the next update. Thank you!
Update.. update and update again. Why you always update?? My memory full because of you..
Always on it.
Uninstalled because it was so buggy and slow after an update and now I can't reinstall it.
My notifications dont appear or vibrate on my phone anymore. And i have then notifications turned on in the settings. At first they did, now this just sucks
Thanks to all these 'improvements' the app won't even open now and can't decide how much storage space it needs... come on guys really? Apparently it will also randomly log you out....
Thank you god for blessing me and living life better one day at a time
I log off and it doesn't let me log back in fix it plzz
Pictures are not loading on the wall, just a loading arrow.
Amazing program
Awesome
Too slow and laggy instalation, had to wait for more than 10 mins while it said "just a moment".
Good
Why can't I tag my closest friends on this app? When I type their names it brings up random people in my friend list to tag.
Glitchy
I don't like that we can't turn off notifications on the post now. We have actually have to go to the group/page and find the thread in order to do so. Come on change it back so I can off the notifications right away.
Face book
I prefer to use my own browser, not the new Facebook browser.  Was difficult to figure out how to turn off.   I cannot turn off notifications for something I commented on without having to go to the actual page now and scrolling down to find it, and since facebook doesn't put postings of groups in chronological  order,  this is annoying and time consuming.  it seems that names in the newsfeed are more difficult to click on as well.   I liked the older version better.   This one has some bugs.
Since the last updates, now I cannot seem to load new feeds and upload pictures!
Daddy
Great services
Hi
Everytime I try to get on it freezes and shuts down...Awful
Are you kidding me I updated this YESTERDAY and now I gotta update again not happening I'm not updating every single day ANOTHER update are you serious? I just updated a few days ago I'm NOT doing it again
It freeze my phone everytime and the srceen turns all black =/
Keeps glitching .
Awesum ,, experience
Let me clue you in: people like convenience. One app for ALL of Facebook's functions is convenient. Splitting it apart is counter intuitive and INCONVENIENT. You keep pushing updates that IGNORE user feedback, experimenting with features no one asked for and most people seem to hate. And I am not attached enough to FB to be force-fed a pointless messenger app I never wanted. Uninstalled BOTH apps. Cut the crap and keep it simple. Put messenger back where it belongs and stop being an egotistical space hog.
Fun
cho 5 sao
main media to greet old friends, express opinion, comment, and preference n various issues n news
i can't see profile photos neither post pictures being posted by friends... Hd quality is disgusting
Every time I want to log out of Facebook from my tablet, it keeps logging me back in! Either fix this app and work out all the bugs, or I'll just as soon delete it! Five stars if this gets fixed.
Need help setting password you send me six number and then cant get back
I want to uninstall this app and there is no option for uninstall. Do I have to factory reset my phone to get rid of it? I wouldn't give it one star if I didn't have to give it any!
Can't unsubscribe from posts anymore. Option is gone
For an older version
Such
I hate that i got to download messenger just cause it fast like who care and since I didn't download it I can do to my regular Facebook inapp inbox..hope someone make a new app better than facebook
Forced messanger. Can't hide crude stories.
I hate that the Most Recent tab is not the primary option.
So many updates what a heck
Can't view notification while read most recent posts.... This app keeps getting worse.
Why doesn't the app close properly?  Now you have to close via app manager. Also when you log out it messes up messenger
It's a pretty good app. But I do have one complaint. Often times I'll be scrolling through FB and suddenly it will be like,"Facebook not responding!" Or,"Facebook not working." Every five 10 to 15 minutes. Sometimes shorter than that.
So many updates and it doesnt wotm stupid piece of poo. I use facebook to contact with family but this decides not to work.
What's life with out Facebook
When ever i open my account on tablet .. it exit from itself
Cool
Great
Awesome !!
Absolutely rubbish, nothing will load... Please Fix asap!!
Anyone have the same problem once updated, requires u to sync contact or key in phone contact. If I skip both it will mention login problem, please re login?
Always loses connection despite device having strong data signal. Other apps work fine when this claims to not have a connection. Very frustrating to use this app now and I give up frequently when browsing posts.
I see that ios facebook app is alot more fluid and it has so much better transions then the android app please do something about that and make facebook even better!
A waste of space
Crash crash crash
Super vali
The built in browser is my all time favorite thing facebook for Android has gotten.
MILLS
There must bee a glitch on settings and you web browser? Can you please fix this?
Works well on my phone.  It has problems on data.  Works good on WiFi.
Why do I have to update this every couple days. I can't see recent posts on my timeline too which really sucks, and I always have to force close! Stop changing this app!!! It sucks the more you make us update! Stop!
I have no space for updates it's much tack place
The new update is horrible. Every time I try to load most recent it freezes then shuts down. Very tiring
I agree with nithin kumar and howie m!! Make facebook less dificult to handke!!!
aljun
can not login its good then it gos down and out geting fed up with it now
Use to like the app. Now it freezes all the time.
Video is shutting down every time i try to access,  since last update.
Loved It
Won't load AT ALL on my mobile network, which is a pain because I advertise my business on Facebook and am not always around available Wi-Fi. PLEASE FIX!!! HTC One.
nice page
Love it
This is not an older version!
keeps freezing and no signal
Updates make it worse every time without fail, most recent one literally makes it lag to the point of being unusable
HTC one m8...since the app had been updated pictures only load 5-10% of the time.  Stop trying to fix what isn't broken.  It gets worse with each update.
But please, allow me to get a link of a post to share with my friends, instead of just being able to share it to my Facebook page. It makes no sense, as I can easily do that in the desktop website.
#Interesting!
I can communicat with friends
Great for business
Ever since the last update i have noticed that when  I  open facebook on my samsung  tablet .FB will not stay open. Why? If you fix please do.
Good
Loved it

This app can't be moved into SD card and that make my 1gb smartphone memory burn's out.Please do something bout it.Too much update since this month.Why?
i hate this apps. Why do u need to access our sms and photos?? Plus its taking up to much space.
Gud
I love it coooooooooooool
Keeps saying my session has expired
Pak123123
Crashes more times than not on Galaxy tablet. I can logon via Chrome with no problems...what gives?
It ok
Just updated the app, and now I can't upload any photos. When I click the photo button the app just closes on me. It also won't let me add photos to my status updates. Rubbish!
Can not click to view #Tags page on mobile device since last update.
Why does it shut itself off especially when tapping on photos.  It is has been useless since the last update. FIX IT
Consume more and big data   :((
Irra
Ok
Me
Hi all friends how are you.
Gay
I hated sooo much. . Pls bring back the old application.  Its more useful
I have had little if any issues with this app. Runs smooth and fast!
Ita a good app but the updates are bad
Muat naik trpntas
Works fine
Hang to  much these days
This app takes frickin forever to simply open and start showing content.  Why does it all of a sudden take FOREVER to simply open now?
I only want to be alerted for new messages, but Im getting alerted on everything from wall post to comments. I turn everything off except messages.
Facebook has allowed me to meet and see pictures and happenings of family and friends from far away. I Love Facebook!!!
I haven't seen my friend in 2 full years and with this app I finally can talk to him and without this app I would of never got to talk or see him ever again I loved this app
No longer shuts down, need to force quit every time or it eats up my battery. Not like you people care anyway. Iphones rules lol, let's port that crap to android, never mind differences in the OS. I should just uninstall and use the mobile site instead, gives me more options as a user, fyfb.
Thank you for making me able to reply to comment. But please fix froce close to 5 star
It consumes most of my battery! Fix it! And make it material design already! Look at Google+. Much more functionality and it works flawlessly! This is unacceptable for a developer of this popularity!
I used to love Facebook but as the privacy rules and it's data collection  ability has expanded so has my hate of this app. The allocation of 163mb worth of space is not a big deal but to use 36% of my devices power to function really grinds my gears as and with that in mind I deleted the app. off to LinkedIn, Twitter,  and Instagram.
I don't like apps running in the background. Fix it please.
I have to continue to uninstall this app on my tablet, it will not update my news feed. If i could rate it a zero i would.
Was working 40% of the time now it's back to being a waste of space on my phone with last update
Best app ever
Keeps foreclosing whenever I scroll through my pics to make a pic comment. Smh...the app shutdowns down daily...I hate it
No longer closes when 'backing out' and also please default to 'most recent' not you deciding what I want to see!!
Love it when it does tho. Sort it for 5*
Update makes it usable
Needs a fix for not closing all the way. It stays in my active apps like the stock web browser does. I hate it
Keeps shutting down on galaxy tab 3.
Spring day
I just can't put it down!!!
Since the last update when I press my back key the app won't close I have to go into running apps to close it. Also using about 200 mb of ram!!!!
The interface is fast and fluid. But the whole app takes a hell lot of memory and drains a large chunk of battery!
It's force closing. Every time I try to open the app it instantly closes after refreshing.
I'm installing this app but its stopped in KB percent not because of my WiFi . Just my concern please fix and make a less data on these app and the messenger these two app make's 100 + MB
How I keep in touch with the kids
Nice it
Its awesome
Please provide file browse option for Picture Comments on app like desktop way. The current picture upload option is so useless that I have to scroll down to1000s of pictures for choosing the right picture for commenting. Hope u will listen to this most important FEATURE ASAP. Keep Rocking Team FB Thanks :)
But browser and playstore face book not going smooth so cannot give 5 Star so editting temporarily waiting to rate 5 stars
Thus version constantly malfunctions and freezes my phone. It its always shutting down. Hate it. Is there a no starts option? Uninstalling!
But, So Good For other
Liberia
*UPDATE Even though I deleted your App from my phone, I kept it on my tablet. Today I will be DELETING it from there as well. For the last 3 weeks, everytime I open it, it crashes within seconds, or as soon as I click on something. Your App SUCKS!!!* Your newest App permissions for your newest update are beyond ridiculous...why do you think you should be able to read my text messages? And that is just the 1st problem I have! Your App is now gone from my phone.
Why i can't logout n login. Trying too many times. When want to open news feed it appear internet not available. But when open by chrome its ok. Why? Why? I hate this happen. And already install and uninstall it. Still like this. Please fix it.
This is a way to talk with your friends
With the new update,  most of links to posted articles no longer work. It's hugely annoying. Not sure why Facebook would do that. It makes this app mostly worthless.
Exelland
So far so good!!!!
Since the latest update, the app closes every tme  click a status or person. Works fne on my Android phone. Worthless on my tablet.
Erica cothon love
Crashes everytime I open it...its been 2 months!
Baik
Sa
The remove notifications does not work
Every time I try and post, or share it crashes. I keep in contact with my friends abroad,  please fix.
Just got the latest up date now it opens then closes. Utterly useless now. :(
All these updates and yet it still aint bout nothing, yall trying to control how we use it instead of making it a fun place to go to. Im not updating till I get ready, I downloaded this app and I dont think I should be forced to do nothing
I'm very happy to my friend Think U Facebook
I already deleted crunchyroll and tumblr and now I have nothing what else do you wanna take? My virginity? Bc THATS PRETTY INTACT
Force closes on its own. Please fix asap. Note 4
It takes so much space in my phone I hate it I have to take it down time to time just to use other apps on my phone
Ever since messenger took my messages I hate it. I want my messages back without having messenger!!! I will not install messenger so please give me my messages back!!!
Good
³£³£ÐèÒªÖØ¢
Love it
Lol
After recent update FB app is constantly running as an active foreground app consuming resources and battery.
Good
Supper appps
there is an update everyday!, but no difference!
Love it
Won't load.
Sloow
It's fb.what else can I say.  Lol
Crashes every time I open it..... have removed the App from my Tab.
Swagg
I can't see actual pictures and my news feed isn't refreshing. Also my status updates  barely upload. I'd rather have those back rather than being able to see comments that I rarely care to read in the first place.
It unusable after its latest improvement...
So slow at times and your updates make this app lose quality
Kumar shah
Beaddddd
It's OK
It's a lot better now. Love the built-in browser, one of the best features included. But hate the separate messenger app.
It's the best application ever
The app keeps crashing when I try to scroll back up or open comments..
Lately it doesn't display the most recent updates. Those updates appear after awhile as you update your status. It's like it's running behind.
When i go to comment or go on someones page it goes to the home screen its really annoying and thats why i rated it 1 star fix it please
It was a really good app before the newest "update". It can't load anything, not my feed, pages, or anything else! :( very upset.
Except the space this app takes (130 MB +) its good
The "Top Posts"  sucks! And the app isn't closing.
sdang berjalan menuju rangkaiyan otomatic
Its facebook...
Saya memutuskan untuk berhenti menggunakan facebook apps dan berpindah ke m.facebook. sungguh sangat disayangkan sebenarnya. Namun aplikasi ini menyita begitu banyak Ram dan berjalan sangat lambat di ponsel saya.
Need more privacy
Jones
Avg
It s take less time
I let u know....never true
I love this app i get to talk to friends and family yh
You could make it more light. So we can do facebooking more smoothly...
Banter
Ever since the last updates my face book will not work on WiFi it says not connected but once I shut off WiFi  it takes right off like nothing is wrong
Very good
O
down low to slow,
Worst update, so now if you dont have messenger their is no message notification from your Facebook.
Keeps shutting down, also doesn't take me back to where I was if I click on something to read more. Very frustrated
Did the recent upgrade pictures don't load timeline doesn't update and Facebook keeps freezing it's very annoying poor upgrading that's for sure
I love it
Muncho gueno
Keeps crashing every time I watch a video! -_-
Im able yo keep in touch with all my old classmates and friends now. I love it :D
Facebook app update keeps kicking me out awful update
Closes aplication by itself
News feed keeps jumping whenever I try to click on a post. Screenshotting also closes the app.  Can't view recent posts, only top posts. Can't post different pictures, it forces the same one to be posted...
Not bad,!!
Need improvements
really nice....
Won't update
This new update was a real shitberg. Trying to load stories when looking at someone's profile just errors out now. Major fail sauce.
I'm actually pretty tired of all the times I've had to force close this app. Unnecessary updates maybe?? Also.. it is super slow.
Look
Hanging a lot
Good fb app
Force closes on last update. Please fix. If I try to like r comment  page it goes back to my home page. I have to restart all over again. Not liking this!!
Updates always mess my page up so am dumping.
bruhh Can't Live Without it just stop with the stupid messenger and make it quick and download faster
Gone really bad since 'new improvements' keeps freezing and logging me out!
Since update pictures won't load. Worthless. Not any pics at all once again since latest recent update October 2014.
Friendship
I cant see photos on news feed very bad
Love ko to
Muy bueno
Qwertyuipp
Keeps kicking me off. Dont like to be forced to download the messenger when I use Facebook
Nce   Kll
Same Ol same ol
Thanks for Salinger out ti add co
This  app is awful since the 4.4.2 Android update. It does not work on my Samsung Tab 3. I go on Facebook- and this  app shuts down by itself. I have sent numerous requests to Facebook for  a fix- but have fallen on deaf ears. What lousy customer service exhibited by the world's favorite web site. I am done with buying Samsung Android tablets!
Won't let me load it to my phone I've tryed heaps of times
Not to good....my facebook automatically logging out i dont know why?
Cannot use my Facebook app at all now. Can't view news feed, my page or friends page. I take pictures with my samsung galaxy tab 3 tablet but can't share. It crashes ever time I try to go on Facebook. Would love to keep in contact with family who live off. This has been going on for about 3 months now. Keep asking to be fixed but no one seems to care.
It stops working whilst using
Most RAM eating app ever seen..
Still facing issue over WiFi connectivity.
It lags alot
It's Facebook.
I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1" with android 4.4 KK , and when I open facebook application works 10 seconds and closes. Fix this issue please.
Love it
Awesome
Good for contacting friends.
I love it
One abysmal update after another
Like this
Find account
Yaye problem solved
Cant open it !!
Super rapida!

Nothing bloody loads and it only started doing that recently wtf, fix this man
It's been ok but in the past few days I can't access Close Friends news feed.
Can you please change it to where it doesn't shoot up to the new posts. I'm scrolling down for a reason
Facebook loads and exits not even a secon later
It's always complained of my password.
I am from Bangladesh
The app needs to tell me who visit my profile
Facebook
They suck!
Big pain
At first it was working properly now i can even log in
Crashes every time I try to share or comment
about a family that went to a trip
Manchester Times
Its good but it keeps saying that it cant download even though I deleted all my apps
Constantly crashes when i open. Unreliable. Fix it please. It worked fine until a few months ago.
It's nice
Popular App
Its a good app really like it.
I love this apps
It WAS an awesome app, but with all these updates and space I hardly have room for the apps i want
.... in te background,  why???
Nice
So glitchy
Doesn't work on Galaxy Tab 3, even after a system reset!
It keeps crashing
Love it
Km.
I use it just for notifications sound and I use browser to open facebook
Loved it
Good very good
<3 <3 <3
Nice
Very awesome to find you're lo g lost friends like it lot
Slows down phone... Bugs my phone up like what is this?
All right
Not putting it back on my Android tablet. Took it off my phone as well.  Not worth the hassles. I've been fed up w it for awhile. I'm free!! Ditto for Messenger.
love it is a app to. stay in contact. with. family. friends and social events. like. sports. .
i like and loved Facebook
Facebook
Youre suck
Once again new format does not do what I want. I need News feed to show all my friends posts in chronological order, most recent first please...simple.
Keeps stating force close every time I'm using it and it's gotten to the stage I can't even log in anymore.
Fast and easy
Shohrabkhibrah
It just suck, everything eventually ends like myspace. Its fb turn now cuz theres just too much change
Why?????
good
This app is driving me mad since the last 2 updates if keeps closing automatically. It's infuriating really.  FIX IT!
NAZRUL
Ive thought about deleting this app so many times
Photos take forever to load sometimes
Keeps crashinh, help
The new update keep the app running on background,  ????
Kon don
Since last update pics take forever to load and app is all around slow
Constantly getting a sad cloud icon saying 'error loading news feed' and app doesn't load any new information for hours to days even if I restart the app, restart my phone or re-download the app. Please fix or this app is rendered useless for my phone.
No notification is shown till now.
App never stays up .. i can be doing something or anything and it will jus close out ! Constantly
The app keeps crashing on my galaxy tab.
Woop woop!! I hate facebook.. but I need this app in my phone to keep up-to-date ugh
Crashes
It constantly closes & requires me to sign back in.  Frustrating
This update is the worst ever keeps force closing on me everytime  please fix videos not playing either this is on my tablet.seems like its a bug
prmudah kn lg fb
Right lot of chumps designed this. Its getting slower and more painful to use
Crashes all the time. Worthless on my tablet. Please fix it.
Zahad hosan
Terrible, terrible company. Facebook is the devil.
OMG... After update, it loads and closes automatically. Now I can't get access to Facebook. Please technical support help me!
Every time I try to connect to Facebook it fails to load. Always saying that it won't connect.
Bad all it does is update. Or close on you, while your in fb  all that money mark z makes and cant even get this rite .grrrrr
I keep getting bounced out and back to my app screen
After the last updates it keps crashing when opening pics. Annoying !
The Best.....
Good
415 GranT
Dislike
It's the best way to get to your friends and family and to know about the latest news and information
Worse with each new improvement. FB and NSA go hand in hand surveying and controlling ever step of the way. The latest FB intrusion into every aspect of our lives is FB msgr.  Everyone hates it, people complain but we're still  forced  to download it, or they'll make our Fb experience miserable.   SHAME ON YOU FB. After taking millions from the taxpayers for dvpmt and FB launch you shouldn't exercise total control over us but be utterly grateful that WE THE PEOPLE made you the success you are today.
Between the constant updates and forcing close. It's just a horrible app.
I love facebook
Kasana
i luv dis app datz y m using it, or else its very slow new version....
This app just keeps getting worse. It constantly goes blank on me. Takes FOREVER to upload pictures & is basically junk!
Nice App
Keeps having to force close ever since the update a few days ago that I did for facebook.
It needs to improve it's speed
Good work Fb
Excellent
Has why too much access
Crashes or closes out
Love it
It's fine ... need improvements
Where hell messaging is ?
Fantastic
Very slow:-(eeeeee
Crashes all the time after the last Samsung update and or facebook update good thing we dont pay for this pos.
You need to freakin get it together. Every time I update this stupid app it gets worse. Get your sh*t together. And you wonder why people hate FB.
Sucks
Gets worse with each update. Nothing is in order old posts show ahead of new posts. Horrible
I like that
Why does this app gradually consume my phone's memory storage
Space provided.crashes more frequently in Karbonn fine.   using more than 120 mb space.which is too much.forcefully pushing to use messenger..why? Eagerly waiting for other substitute to connect with friends all..till than...
9/10 comments don't post. Ironically first attempt to post review of app is claiming poor net connection
The app doesn't like to refresh for me. It says "unable to refresh" im on wifi with a 4glte phone. Please fix this
Recent updates have caused me to struggle to find recent things on my timeline and friends timelines. It's quite disappointing that I can see things from August, but not from last week. Please sort and if anything recent updates claiming to improve reliability has only made it less reliable.
Rubbish.. it is slower thn a turtle.
Huuu
Since my last update fb keeps gapping out when i try to open app
Xxx
Dont complicate this needlessly pls
i am ALi Shah
Wow
Exellent.;)
It has stopped my bit use of it due to ruining by own.blink various time by showing"Fb has stopped"
New version is too heavy . offline comment mode is just sucks. My phone is just like an old man. Use full ram all time. Hang and dead slow the phone. Just uninstalling it. Previous version was gud.
Dafuq is wrong with you and your notifications? my notifications are turned ON but i still dont see any notifications on my nexus 5
Avrg
I use facebook on UC Browser and it's better than this app !
Use to enjoy this app now it won't let me see my messages without the stupid messenger app and links don't open
Hii
Closer to my family
Whenever I click on a video it does not play.  Fix the Android tablet app!
everyone loves Facebook
After an upgrade on my galaxy tab 3.. fb keeps crashing. I can't see any feeds for more than 2 seconds. Please fix it!
It Great Getting In Touch With My Buddies N Everything
How much of a virus does Facebook have to become before people finally get fed up with it? And it can't even be uninstalled on an android phone. Sounds more like a virus than an app!
Always get a message saying to force close when I just logged in. Could you please look into this.? Will re-rate again 
very goodapp
Its definitely worth getting if you are a fan of Facebook and use it all the time!
Could you guys make it that when looking at comments it puts the most liked ones up top.
Its very good.
great link
Sucks!
Love Facebook
Can't see any pictures! Please fix...so frustrating!
When something is working, they shouldn't change it for the worse. It used to take less memory, things would run faster/easier access to pages, less advertising. Now, we have to log in several times a day, plagued with advertising even opting out of it. Missing basic features, such as selecting several friends at once to send msg/invitations., can't request more than 20 friends even galleries, or museums, w/o being block for a week. Limited control posting photos on wall. Etc
I like the links opening inside the app itself, and the use of stickers. It's definitely improved.
Since last update the app does not work anymore, keeps hanging on the start screen.
Easy communicating
It slow my android so i am going to uninstall it
Update facebook it's gone slow
Latest update keeps itself running in the background. Taking up resource and generally spying on me
Great
Ok
Great Experience
My newsfeed isn't loading and neither are my pictures or anyone elses. Not a happy camper. Plz fix.
So good
But needs alot of improvement, crashes too often and a new version needs to let you put photos in comments on posts.
Acting slow, won't load properly, worse on WiFi than on 4G. Yet it's the only app having issues on WiFi.
Its good to comunicate with freindes but it will be better if its more faster not the messenger but the web it self
The app does not close not even after pressing the back button! It remains in the backgroud and only gets minimized. Other than that the app is fine.
Thank you
b gudi
145724
The hell do you need access to my camera/microphone for? I don't like the fact that it comes on my phone factory made with spyware
Book
I'm a very lite user so I really don't need it to be anything special. Still hate how much space it takes up on my device(s) though. I don't care about Facebook enough to look the other way like I'm sure most do lol.
I imagined the world's most used social app would be reliable and simplistic but no. Has a tendency to take unreasonably long to load images, videos, etc... even when on a decent connection. Only reason this is used is because it is the "trend." Example- "I use Facebook because my friends do!" Nice to find distant friends though. Solution to this junk? Don't use this app or messenger. Use Facebook in a compatible browser. It offers identical functionality with less hassle.
FACEBOOK
Hmmmmmmmmmmm
Wrost don't download it
This is my love
We can easily just get chat by opening fb in our browser. Chat is not only invasive, it requires like all the permissions android offers, and accesses everything and butts in front of other apps instead of just notifying us the regular way. Cant we just use chat in this app again??? Very stupid move Facebook!!
excellent
Thanks for all
Notification never work!
Great update! Now I can't even launch the app. I am pretty sure that I didn't apply as a Beta tester, along with the rest of the other victims.
Everytime I log on facebook on my tablet I get kicked of straight away I have updated the app and still nothing. How am I ment to check my messages and other stuff if it crashes everytime I log on. Not impresed and this moment in time you dont even deserve the 1 star you only git that as I couldnt put any lower.
Why should I get messanger if I dontwant it last chance !
Oll friends,
Can't save photos now need to take screenshots...
Briliant update.thanks facebook for such an excellent app
Awesome
Fb.orca alway say stop running,please fix it.
Seriously it's getting crap. Slow and lag, always crash, itk's getting worst on every update
#loveit
can't do anything on it.It crashes as soon as I open it.It sucks.
I love this application
Do not install there is a defect. Can't click tagged names to go to profiles anymore. So if everyone is wishing your friend a happy birthday in the feed you can't click your friend's name and pos something. Have to search profile.
but occupy a big space....
Pls help me insult facebook on my p5
Nice very good
So frustrated with this App! Never wants to update!  Think I have had enough!! Uninstall!!!
Galaxy s duos 2
:-)
U don't need all that stuff unless you doing expermination on us again
Super sunday
Error mesej bikin gue pening kepala
The app isn't displaying my most recent 5 or 6 things on my profile. If i look on the mobile browser they are there, but not on the app. When i look at my profile on my girlfriend's android phone Facebook app the lastest posts on my profile don't show either. Wtf Facebook? Sort it out, its annoying.
old vertion
Consuming more data
Installed latest version to see if it has improved. It used 150MB of data this month! That's insane for text and a few low res images. Using the browser version again  until another social media app becomes common across my friends. Then I will delete this forever.
Super
angeline
For about 2 weeks or so my fb app crashes between 2 and 10 seconds after i open it. Checking a notification has become a race to read what the notification is before the crash occurs and closes the app on me. Reading browsing other people's posts is impossible. Sometimes i have to open the app 5 or 6 times just to read one sentence of a friend's comment. Tried uninstalling/reinstalling the app twice. I can see that many others are having the same problem so it isn't something wrong with my phone. There is
The app is getting better, the developers have fixed most of the Major issues I was having with the app. I don't know if they have fixed the integrated messaging system but it's working again.
It keeps exiting the app when scrolling through news feed!! Really annoying
:-P
Nt soo good it take time for new updates
Good
Keeps freezing then crashes
Great app
I don't like the messenger app and don't want to use it at all. I will delete this app if I have to use the messenger.  # make it go away please!
Won't let me add photos to photo albums since last update. Sort it out fb. The constant updates are unnecessary. If it isn't broken don't fix it.
Its too Awesome !! I love it !!!
I liked
Great app. Easy to use
It too bad now
I did it And all I see is Dumb Mexican Jokes.
Love the features in the new app.. But I hate the amount of space it utilizes and when I'm making my profile pic something that I had used long back, it's like uploading a new photo. I dislike this.
Posting things about you and friends is great . But permission is needed for posting about your pals
Needs to be an option to NOT go to the FB browser. I do not like it at all. ps to other raters: they update it all the time bc they're in bed w/phone manufacturers. Bigger the app, newer the phone you need bc processor/storage increase. My HTC One is still ok but likely not much longer. I'll just go off FB if that happens.
IRENE
It wont let me download it! Grr!!!
I love this app. I use Facebook on a day-to-day basis so having the app on my phone is extremely useful for me. It gets the job done- there's about everyone on here that you'd normally get on Facebook if you were using it on the computer other than the apps on it. The only thing that bugs the hell out of me is the slow loading speeds when you first load it up, the massive size and how sometimes it just suddenly slows down. But I'm assuming it's just a matter of what phone you're on (for me, it was the S3 Mini).
I love Facebook
Even after I update I receiving the same update every 2 days after please fix this.
Great app! Must have
This is ridiculous.  Cant read or post comments without fb crashing. Bout ready to uninstall permanently. Many people have complained and yet no fix. Few up!
Near bangladesh open university and national university board bazar gazipur - 1704.
Does nothing but crash now... sent feedback, but they don't care... no fix for months...
After recent update facebook app closed automatically n getting unfortunately facebook stopped error
Lady
Jerich
Now i have to use a different app for FB mess, this in so uncool:-(
I hate apps that I have to force close.   I feel when I exit, it should not continue to run and drain the battery on my phone.   Ridiculous!   Fix it!
Too much data.. Do not always updating.. If want to update, please give the best performance.. Please hear us..
Love it so much
Constantly force closes on samsung tab3!!!!
Since I upgraded my Glalaxy Tab 3 to kitkat I can't do squat in facebook without it crashing. They have since had two updates and it is even worse then ever. Disappointing.
I want to hide my birthday from my Facebook friends. But I can't find such options. Please help me out. I'm reducing one star for not giving any feedback
At least it stopped trying to sync my contacts whenever it wanted to. Still missing many useful features compared to being on the computer.
Comes up on my Tab3 but as soon as i try and do anything, it just crashes exits the program.  This started after I updated. Doesnt matter what I do, I have uninstalled, closed all background apps, cleared memory, etc. Nothing fixes. Facebook needs to FIX!!!!!!!!
Just useful
works pretty well
Add Transparent system & status bar!!
Galaxy s4
Facrbook
The latest update on this App is freakingly annoyingly... I'm considering uninstalling it. It keeps logging you out and hanging up... So annoying!
Great cos I get to play pet city with my family and friends I looooooooooove it
Best app ever
It need max memory n space Bt still won't work n shuts off evry time.... Moreover it needs another huge app just fr messages which overall sucks....  Please change ua way fb or u might fall soon...
Plz remove d compulsion... coz d phone is low on internal memory... messenger also crashes.. if d compulsion Is removed I will rate u guys 5.. it's Not only me.. many other people are also not liking it... so I would b highly obliged if u take a look into this matter... thank
Its a first instant messenger .... where ever you r in the world can chat and also can see by posting images and videos
It isn't in order and refreshes while I'm reading a post.
I Don't Like This New Facebook Its So Confusing So Why Not Change To The Older Version
It is perfect app
it a good app but takes alot of my storage space up
It would be awesome if the Facebook team made the app look more like the mobile site
Why dose it take up so much memory ? Make it less!
I love it in z1
Blah
lol
Lmao, some update. My news feed is 5 days old. Maybe in a week I can see what people posted today
In some ways it the worst waste of time, but for the fact it makes it so easy to stay in touch with anyone from folks you have grown up with to new friends you make in the. digital world without having to worry about calling them internationally or if it's the correct time to call in their timezone!  For those and many more reasons this app is changing the world we live in. :)
Love it
Something went wrong n m trying 2 install it..but in vein
Yeaaa
I do not want your Messenger app. Unnecessary and a waste of my precious device storage.
Ooo
Always freezing up.
I have to load Messenger? I haven't & wont, which really restricts f-books capabilities. READ WHAT YOU GIVE THEM FOR MESSENGER. Scary FaceBook'S (f b s) F-in B S.

Why iOS always get the latest update before android?
Terrible app. Slow, buggy, New Stories rearrange your new feed at random even if you're reading something, Notification Menu doesn't always work.
Not a big fan, but its ok
Easily the best site
BACON IS LOVE BACON IS LIFE!!!!
Haveing lots of problem..... It raealy sucks....
Still needs work. Very heavy app. Can't update and When I try to install another app insufficient memory. Problem goes away once I uninstall. Guess who doesn't have the fb app.
I love it x
Huffman.huffman Huffman
Helpfull
Cause
enjoyable
Most recent should be default.. I don't need to see all the ads in 'Top Stories'
Xoxox I love hot sexsy guys,
Nice app
The new update makes all videos in the wall play without requesting to do so, imagine 10 videos playing at the same time with slow wifi, the worse imagine them playing on 4G with charges. I am disappointed.
V.good
I dnt knw y isnt wrking..closes again n again what shuld i do now
Really it's to much update.. Would you please slow it down....
Used to be a good app once upon a time but these frequent updates have screwed it.
Nice app. Simply supereb...
Cool
Bb
Good
Yukleyince com mb oluyo  a cikiyoo
Hit
WrK
I like this app very much...but it crash many times ..Unfortunately close..some time take too much time to open pics..so slow....plz fix this problems
Facebook
Facebook
Can not reply to messages on the app
This app is getting worse with each update when I open app I get trouble loading feeds and need to tap to update ( 2-3 times) when existing the app it stays active (which is a big battery drain ) therefore have to manually end app each time which stops it running in the background so I don't get any notifications etc also the issue with having to install messenger to read messages which i hardly use so to summaries facebook why try to fix something that wasn't broke in the first place
I swear it gets worse and worse with all the new updates..
This app always cause troubles to my phone due to it's high memory usage. Plus, I can't use the Messenger app because it really slows down my phone. Please fix this for next update.
Love this  you can chat with families from all over the world!

Nice
Its nyc
cell phones like samsung galaxy ace which has approximately 90 mb internal memory space.. facebook in play store app size is shown 20 mb but it consumes uptill 80mb memory space... no space left for other apps... do somethng 4 this :-(
Hahahaha
Now it's not opening after I updated it!!just showing my middle finger to u people _|_
Activate my Facebook please
Fb is a good source to mk friends.
awesome
Now I can't see any photos or videos no matter what connection I am on. Great update.
New update is great! Thanks.
Facebook could not download to an error (495)         also too much download space
Love it good job guys... This is so helpful
Keeps getting worse and worse and worse
Won't load newsfeed. Won't let me see most recent. Updates all the time. Nothing ever fixed. Facebook =ass clown.
Nice & comfort
What
Takes to much space.  Updated way to often
Nice thinking
I like it
Great
the facebook app has many issues since last 2 updates.
It doesn't  work, I have it now for almost 2 years, I love it but since the last update after opening, it closes after like 10 seconds. It is really frustrating
Nyc
King
I love this app
It,s Kool modern stuff u just have to keep up
Omp
Garbage, wont even let me log on since the last update.
Ever since I updated Facebook to the latest version it stays running in the background. Please fix this problem.
Its very slow .. how can I get the old versions ??! .. help !!!
,
WTH seriously?! I cant even open the app after updating it. Is it even an update for better use or just fcking around the users money data?!
,daounload problume
Since the latest update it won't let me log in. It stays stuck on the "Setting up Facebook" screen! Please fix ASAP
For an order version
How can you release such a crap ?pics in posts don't load,  vid thumbs don't show...google make an option to revert to older versions
Good app
Good
Why do I have to download another app. (Messenger)
I liked it but it keeps freezing!!!
Lovelt
It works very well
Love it
Amazing app
Francis nell johnson
Boring UI and consumes lot's of space after installation
Sr.R.M-C.G
Facebook
Nice
Itzzzzzz acceptable
after update..hard to log in..always log out...plz fix
Love it
Keeps crashing
:/
Why wont this run on my tablet.? It start and almost immediately crashes every time.  And stop updating all the time! If it aint broke dont fix it!
The app is great but suddenly all the pictures stopped loading which is so annoying.
Lags on lg g3
Great Job
Hate it!! Wish there was a way to use an older version!!
It would be 5 if it didn't always freeze
I love facebook but this app is driving me crazy this is the second  I'm I have had to uninstall it and reinstall it bc I try to open and it just flashes white and black. I know it's not my phone bc it can go to any other app and it's fine its just when I go to facebook
It was Good app ..
Separate messenger,  no font size adjustment..
Why so many update untill 200mb size...i think as same face...
I couldn't download it as it lefts no place on my device for other apps. Heavy!!! Solve it.
It's because there's too much memories and install the messenger Facebook what the heck!
Amazing App
Its so nice app I like this app
I love the layout of the app google now in my tablet. Facebook is not really good. Need a lot of improvement.
Not too bad if used carefully
Love it
Easy to access
Good app
Can't load newsfeed since update
Runs so slow won't let me view my albums everything is now awful please fix or will be removing
Really shame we can't message using this app...and they are enforcing to install messenger app. Adding to all this is the slow loading of news feeds
Pathetic app updates. Closes down within seconds. Best way to go into fb is via the internet. At least that works.
Nice.....!
The Facebook app munches a lot of data.
Good app
Crap... Slow, newsfeed all over the place, takes ages to load if it loads at all... Was more than happy with old version, fast, instant newsfeed updates, log in and out after checking in less than a minute... This app grindingly slow and you can't get rid of it once it's downloaded... Completely bolloxed up my Facebook... Thanks for nothing!... If I had the money, I'd sue!
Wtf
The app is frustrating. It closes every time I scroll down my news page on my Samsung Tab 3.
I like it
Eats a lot of memory . takes so much space . And now u need a separate app for messaging  this is bad .
Nice app..
It's a great app BUT I am not able to view pictures/posts the past 3 days. Please fix, thanks! :)
Liked it
Why it is upgrading so much becoming worse day by day..
Something in the last update causes the app to close every time I touch the screen. Happens on both my galaxy tab and my phone.
Terbaek..
Got my phone in October and this thing updates like every freaking two weeks. It don't make sense and its annoying. + its always freezing. Yall are slack for that. Always update.  Hate it!
Awesome
Takes soo much of memory space! ._.
DJ
Description
After last update. Every time I open FB apps, it gave me "force close" and didn't open ... Hope to fix that bugs pleeeeeeease.
Amazing
Ok
Ela
Too frequent update ... data consuming ..
New update forces you to install messenger if you want to use app to access messages. After you do this, it still doesn't work. Photos don't load properly and the app forces closes itself due to bugs. Don't bother.
Cannot update news feed, crashes.
I updated software on my xperia e1 now i need to install Facebook app again but it's keeps on giving me a error message: "uncompatible update " please help me fix this problem
Please add Most Recent to home.. dont lock Message function,, can u think phone with small RAM will get LAG b'coz apps FB + Messenger consume too much RAM..
It is nice
I am a Micromax Canvas 4 user. Whenever I try to play any videos in the app, the app closes. Fix it to make the app a 5 star deserving one.
Like
Keeps crashing as soon as I want to comment. And at other times but not as often. Really annoying
lol this app is so kool
If Facebook app can't support messages then I'll have to remove it. Like Facebook one can't sign out of the dumb messenger and it keeps giving annoying notifications round the clock.
Great
It just keeps getting tweaked and nothing is really improved for the end user. The company and developers aren't listening to the users, all the changes are geared toward increasing ad revenue and information gathering. We, the users, are the commodity being brokered to the corporate community. The worst part is, most don't understand this. Now I find that the Facebook app sits as an active process and is taking up a large chunk of RAM, even after I've backed out of it. Stop the madness.
Rubbish,  too slow,  can't add movies, just never works.
Where is sync option...
Worst experience using this app now last 2 updates have proved it,  well the internet consumption is bloody more than last to last update.Hope it gets fixed soon.
Ok
Mahaboob pasha
The problem for me is it keeps on going back to the top. I have to go through the same posts again to get to where i was
Nice n amazing.
Occupies tooooo much space.
I cant even check my time line it keep popping on my screen report the problem
when i start any video my mobile stop working its means there is aome problm .
Superb
Mahmood
Loving
Kamalkumar
Love Facebook it's really awesome. ... Thanks for the developers of Facebook app.
I find an interesting article and the newsfeed keeps refreshing by itself...its really annoying
Shah
It's awsome
Is slow and only displays half the pictures.  Most pictures just show a loading symbol.
Gdgy
Rumbasolid
I've given it a 1 star from 5 stars because recently the app hasn't been loading all the images on fb and it won't properly refresh either . Fix this issue with another update I'm sure you're on it already and I'll rate the app 5 again .
Every time i post something the app force closes. Please fix please fix ..this promblem has bin going on for weeks .
I don't want to see the same 10 most popular posts from the week,  I want to see the most recent.
New update just bulishit..... It crashes everytime when launching.... Pls fix that.....
Yo baby
Fab app. Really like it
Shaikaleemshaikaleem
Love it
Best thing to reach any country
Its good
Every other update, this app gets more of a poor rating. And this is another
Easily can access through it
Good
This is what happens when fools monetize your private information.
I have never been so disappointed from an app, EVER!! This takes up most of my space on my phone & then makes my phone freeze while trying to access the app. Far from being worth the download.
Goden
What happened????after updated  my fb totally  cannot load when I on data...it show that error loading new feed??? Why only  can use when  connect wifi? WTH...give me good explain!!
Thnx
N.T Group
Good
I like it
Error messages left and right. The little time I spend on this app anyways is not worth me keeping it.
Ever since moving messenger into its own app, this one crashes, freezes, and refuses to open more times than not. Even with nothing else running.
Fb I like it
Every time I go into my active applications to clear RAM, Facebook is always running, even though I didn't open it. I constantly have to close it out. Why is it always running? Is it spying on me?? Bad enough messenger has all those unnecessary permissions!
Slower loading speeds. Can't see half of the pictures in news feed. Only some video actually work. Error page request keeps popping up. Search is slower. Can only see partially loaded profiles. Videos take forever to upload. News feed doesn't load properly... No current news only 7-12 hours ago or yesterday. Never this hour or last few minutes. Old update worked far better!!
It's cool.
I lyk using it
ndi ako makapag download ah. bkt kya,
I like the concept of Facebook but HATE their apps so I removed their apps from my phone. I instead bookmarked FB on my mobile browser and then pasted the bookmark on my home screen. You can do almost everything just as you were able to b4 without having to use 2 apps and giving in to all of FB privacy demands. Uninstall this junk and take your phone and your privacy back (well, your phone at least)!!
Slow
I like to keep my NewsFeed on Most Recent. I should see the recent posts people make, but sometimes I don't. I'll just happen to run across it when the app takes me automatically to the regular feed. It's irritating!
ok
Too slow
Good
It takes a while to load
Its cool android fb
I hate the new "UPDATED" version!! Nothing works the same anymore.
I love facebook
I can't  download  this application  :(
I love my Facebook
Not work properly and some time stop or close automatically
After every few days need to uninstall and reinstall the app....otherwise the pics do not load properly....
Terrible!!!
Cavite
This  app is awful since the 4.4.2 Android update. It does not work on my Samsung Tab 3 - what a joke. I go on Facebook- and this lousy app shuts down by itself. I have sent numerous requests to Facebook for  a fix- but have fallen on deaf ears. What rotten and despicable service exhibited by the world's favorite web site. I am done with buying Samsung Android tablets!
Hi, i have installed the latest update of facebook for android and used it over 3G and 2G networks......yes over 3G the speed marginally improves but don't really know why every time it just get's not responding and wants a force close!!!! Recently facebook have launched an updated app for iOS which is claimed to be fast and with better UI. So team please think about android users. Anyways Android has dominated the smartphone market so please take care of us !!! Hoping to get a new update soon
Sucks everytime I try to upload a picture, it crashes
The app will not stay open on my tablet. I have plenty of space on my hard drive, but the app will not work like it used to. So whatever improvements you did need to be addressed.
To you all
Facebook
Please fix... :(
All the time asking for for update. In a month I have done 4 time update and also shows password error though I put right one..
With the new update, you have removed the notification bar, that usually stayed in place when I clicked on a notification. You also now removed the option of turning off the notifications while on a post. So now I have to suffer getting continuous notifications for post I get tagged in that I can't tag myself out of. Come on.
Memory hogger
Can't open fb, just hangs and freezes. Now my contacts won't sync either. NEVER had a problem until last few updates.... Brutal.
That"s y I give u five stars....Continue to improve ....... God Bless U !!!!!!
So awesome :) :) :)
It is cool because can text
All the best
A blessing.
Bardfield
Good application
Please fix!!!
Would be better if in pages top comments would show first like when i use the Internet browser
Ray
;)
FB used to be something I would enjoy using whether it was checking in & seeing my news feed or adding to it. It's more frustrating than fun now.  I won't use Messenger because it takes so much data, crashes all of the time & the pictures & video won't download.  There are other options already on my phone I don't have to use something FB deems mandatory- not supporting it!
Using this app for 3 months ever since the latest update it doesn't even run properly..........Please fix it asap FACEBOOK! :@
Since last update, whenever I go in to it (whether via shortcut or notification) I get a message that reads "the page cannot be found" for some reason.
Its easy to use and user frirndly and much more fastrt
Pramila Mohan
Nice
Better improve it..
Its just ok..not so fast
Could way better/faster being the most downloaded/popular app
Ever since i got the latest update it want load my acount
It says it needs 19mb but takes up about 80
Supper talaga...
Very good app
Recent update is just a trash; can't recognise my log in details for over one week now. I uninstalled it so I could reinstall it again;  but doesn't get pass 80% of installation for over 5 times now even after restarting the phone.  This is absurd. Let something be done otherwise it will be discarded.
Cant live with out this app
Every day update. That's bored
Awsome
Very nice application
Finally opens and closes quickly. Runs very smooth on S4 mini and tegra note 7 tablet now
Cool App...
Nice
Download again again again West data
please fix
Sandeep
Berat banget dan kalo update kapasitas besar tapi tidak trlihat prbedaannya.. Btw tampilannya oke jg..
i hope dev team can add new features to hide annoying comment by some people because sometime they make annoying comment or unnecessary ads that took time to scroll down to pass the comment.its not feature to block them but just to skip their comment to others..
install and enjoy
Kub aae ga meray banjarY
Thanks
Shaik baba
I was so happy the reply feature was finally on the app so its not confusing to read a bunch of comments and try to figure out who it is in response to. Now with the last update, it disappeared. Bring it back!
Alwaya want to force close..
Take too much time to open and then automatically Hang then Close..
I really do not like the new update! I have to go and manually shut down the app! It's using to much data! If you cant fix it I will delet!! Please fix!! I don't understand why you have to update every 2 weeks!! If it is running fine don't mess with it!! Leave well enough alone!!
It is not install in my mobile why
Can read news feed ok but will not load my timeline, HTC One and Samsung Galaxy Note 2014
Haaaaaa
When I hit the back button from notifications to the news feed it goes blank and I have a force close the app to get it working again.
Excellent
Soooo good

Can take 5 or 6 attempts to fully log out of the app even with wifi on.
I like Facebook because I play dragon city on facebook
Updates suck now app won't load locks up my phone Samsung s5
I don't want it
Rohit kumar
Man bahadur bohara
After the latest update, none of my pictures will load in my newsfeed. :(
Baad...
Application
Love u
Very very very. Good
When I first downloaded Facebook back in 2011 it was just 5 mb or so, now it has gone to 23 mb, whats happening man.
Crashes repeated during use.
Easy for communication
It is best
Y so many time update
443253
Can't delete from app
It's okay
Facebook
Hey
Setting up facebook takes to long
It is ok to chat n post msgs. But there r many a people who r mis using facebook. And I am unable to find good ppl n chat with them. My suggestion is to make new ppl meet one another to choose d best ones.
Cinta khan
It's getting worse !
GREAT
Nice app
J d
Sharing something brings up a pop up of stats I don't care about. Sweet feature bros.
Nice
There's dead nothing wrong wit fb thoe like why I'm seing Soo many ppl hating it tf 
Nic
Stop with the constant updating
Taking too long every time i open it
Photos don't load normally, slow, not intersting to use fb anymore
Not sure what happened but i can only log in for a few seconds before it throws me out. I have a Galaxy tab 3. I have received no response from fb so not sure what to do. Anybody else having this issue?
Gay

Make it less space
Good
I dont find it slow but.. privacy? Spying? Uninstalling :)
The previous version was good but this is the best
Very well
Sachin
Please let us chat directly from this app. Refuse to dl the chat app seperatelt. It slows my phone down.
Why I can't update to version 8 it still on version 7 , Please release update to version 8 and add feature comment with photo too ><
Muy buena
It takes up "too much space" when I don't want it to update, it already took about 118 MB with only 98 MB left on my device, this is a major problem for only a 2Gb internal storage. Due to not being able to move it to the SD card & again it takes up half of my internal storage.
Good app close friends every where in the world in any where
News feed won't show any recent posts, just ones from yesterday after I updated. Complete crap. Also, tired of seeing a notification to get messenger. I'm not getting it so stop reminding me. Very annoying. Super close to getting rid of fb.
Can't use anymore keeps kicking me out.....can't share , post or go on my page...what the hell!
Helpful to all over the world people...I like it
I would love this app if it had full screen option. Like the app Pocket.
With each update
I just love  the  way   how   it works  out  for  the  first  time  in  the UK.
Thus version constantly malfunctions and freezes my phone. It its always shutting down. Hate it.
I rolled back my app to older version so my soul is totally at peace
Build something light on memory super fast ! Because more people will be able to handle it on there phones and tablets!
Why is face book starting to take up so much of our space on our phones.  I want more apps on my phone not just facebook. Come on now stop making it worse
To nice
This app sucks, with every upgrade it just keeps getting worse.
Don'tworry
Subha
Not that Facebook reads, acknowledges or responds to these comments but its been about 3 months now with the same problem. The app locks up every single time I open it. Not once in awhile. Every time. Fix the app!
Still facing the same problem.. Please update..
Happy
So nice
It's social
Good
Facebook
Every update it takes up more and more space. Is it really necessary to needs to take up so much?
Loved it
Its helps to meet new people and make new frnds
Whenever I run Facebook app it shuts down automatically , please solve this problem :'(
It really sucks.. Give us freedom not to install it
Seems to work well and without major bugs now. Still has annoying feature where it fails to hold position on newsfeed and keeps jumping to the top while you read a post.
Solakivipulv
great
Now I need make money off of it.
Best social media app
BALOCH mengals
I love it the speed is great.it didn't give No errors or nothing it is just so wonderful 
Bakwas
hi
excellent
3113 55577722
It keeps saying its not responding after I've been on it only a short time...aggravating
Improvement aren't really improving anything. Need to just stop.
I've blocked about 500 fitness ads in the past week..... so help jebus, if I see one more ad about why lebron left miami because he was fat I'm going to choke the nerd right out of Zuckerberg..... that's all Facebook is anymore, stupid ads
Nothing but errors and then it just boots me out of the app
You fr need to fix. It
Nothing loads. Full of bugs
Deva
specimens. n
Dilli
It's ok, but goodness... how bout a stinking nav screen that makes sense. pardon my french but, pieux pieux :)
Best
Likely
Interesting
This app is no good!!
My newsfeed keep on loading for the whole day and not even one post updated !!!
Application all ways not responding please fix it, and I gave 5 stars
New update shows replies to your posts.
Facebook is running 240% abouve normal wtf this apps is battery killer... Back to version 7.0
Pull your heads out you back sides...... everyone has been telling you that every update the app goes to crap. Leave crap alone before everyone gets rid of Facebook....

Facebook is not going to open
I love Facebook

App keeps crashing on my Galaxy Tab 3. Fix it please!
Just bcz of messenger
Nice
Have to install the fb massager to look at your messages
I cnt put my full pic as profile pic. It keeps croping the pic. Please make it as it was.
Totally awesomeness! !!
Very nice
Excellent app ever
Takes a lot of time to open. Sometimes, it won't open. Hate it! Please fix.
Just getting started hope it works fine.
Before i downloaded this app i waited so long to finish then i realize why do i downloaded this if this app is soo boring and it is just a waste of time...theres so many error and so loading is there any improvement at this app.. Peace.. Cant hide
I have to say I'm pretty happy with the latest improvements that Facebook has made to the app, but my biggest complaint is that now when I back out of the app, it still remains running. I HATE THAT!!! It's one thing if it's going to be sucking data while it's open, but a whole other deal when it's just running in the background.
Why does it keep on crashing? That's my only problem.
Image cache has issues - almost none of the images can be seen. Refresh doesn't help.
BAba
No 1 social network side. Lvvvvvvvvvvvvvv it :-¡ï
It would get 5 stars if it didnt force me to download messanger .
Nice Ui ! Till now working awesome , one more thing y does facebook take so much memory mahn -.-
Love it
After the new update sometimes it hangs and shuts down .... Fix it plzz
It make my phone go slow and the screen turn white
3 notification shows in background app. No new notification it shows and after open all the notification it still shows 3 notification in background
I think it is just chill pill.
Zahra
Every time I try to upload pictures and tag them, it keeps whitening the screen and force closes the app!
I cannot open pages as I see, page not found messages. I cannot message as I need to install another "messanger app". So what is the point of this application than? Being useless?
Need some updates.
Niceapps
l love facebook
i dont like it , very slow
Is this updating every day!?

Chorom
Ai yako mage ecount eka log wen naththe
Terrible app
Fake book r fake people lmf¨¤o
Even though it is good,  but it is slow
This is awesome , but please stop the daily updates
The truth is that this app takes much space so I can't use it on my phone. Also there is this time when I scroll around and it just gets me back to the first post I scrolled. Once I get back to the same post I saw and was gotten back, I get back at the beginning also. Once this gets fixed, I will give 5 stars.
Where is the way there is a will
Selamat mnmpuh hid up baru
Not only a blue facebook, what about Facebook Themes.! Different color facebook...
Useful
Bora
Pleas stop forcing me to instal face messenger. I refuse!!!!!!! Your advertisement for face b msn that you force on inbox is really making me hate fb !!!! Who want's will install msn who doesn't u can't force him. -10 for facebook!!!!!!!
It's preety gud but it has few prblms like y should I dnld mssngr when I don't wont it
Needs too much information and power
Photo comment facility needed. Hope it will fix soon
Wauuuuuuuooo....
Boring update
Every time I click on the app it says not responding and I always get kicked out even if I say wait
I love it
New Facebook is freaking Cooool. :D
Why facebook always got a big size on every update... Its almost turn it to 1gb..always updating and the size of this getting higher...
Daily updates and please let us install the videos directly from the app
My news feed and pictures will not load. Says network error repeatedly.
Aight
This app is okay and goood also help me alot ....
Works for a few seconds then shuts down on me. I have just enough time to glance at my alerts. Please fix.
Really Awesome .
Quickly becoming one my most hated apps. It sometimes just keeps flashing on my Note 4.
vdcjj
Keeps force closing and freezing my phone. Super annoying.
Ever since the update images won't show up in regular feeds, even if they show up that's only one or two in the beginning.
Super
10/26 update: still cannot view graphics.  Cannot view graphics: Since the last update I can only  view a few pictures  posted by friends. Most don't load.
Soooo
Still closes every time Galaxy tab 3
Used to be a great app, now its very slow, takes up a lot of memory and i dont like the new look of it.
I love facebook when I get likes for me
Idu
Can not down load this on to my phone
Every time i click on a persons profile,page,  comment, share, tag, upload, scroll through newsfeed, or even check my messages or notifications, it sends me back to home please fix that, because i cant even be on it for 3 secomds , because at 2 it sends me back to home screen
Is good but he take too much space
Yo
Fb is going ti be more fun thankyou
It won't let me log out when i want!!!then i have to uninstall. And re install to get it back..
Too many updates, takes long time to load and open.
Thanks
Buggy and laggy.
Since all of the recent updates, this app is awful!! It keeps closing on its own, dumping me back to the home screen!! Please fix it!! Messenger is exactly the same but it has been happening for longer!!
For an older version
Please enable album view when uploading a pic... this will help alot and dont need to drag all the way long to find a picture.... other than that.. its working great
I love watching videos on FB ever since the last update can't see one keeps saying unfortunetly something when wrog...fixit please I give a better rating
All ways
Well it worked until it didn't.  I try to post a picture and it takes me to their camera roll, I  get so far and the app resets. So annoying. Note 4
I used to really like it but fir some reason i am always logged out and pictures dont load up and tired of all the freaking ratchet fight videos always being shown alaong with everyone showing their butts twerking or just in the panties if that is what you want to call them
Very nice
this is nice...
Verry
Fudging awesome!!!!!!
Good spps
U
It fin to have covostation with friends and family.
FB is probably partners with some government agency. I keep getting notification that I need to log in, when my app is already. Fix it, man!
Can't delete my own comments once posted. No copy paste available.
Very nice
nice app but we are waiting more
Hi
This rng jamari
App is slow, times out refreshing 9/10 times. News feed is never current now. The option to view latest posts is now gone. Forced to use a separate app for chat.
Very nice
A face book can coonnet lovers that's face book
To slow
Notifications simply do not work.  What a shame
jad fony 5
Posts are always days behind.  Too slow.
Takes up too much space! And we have to download messenger now??What??
Error
More space utilization and poor performance, I think Facebook is of waste before poolwo social network in india
This is best
In my device, Facebook app isn't responding and make my phone so very slow please the fix the speed and low consumption RAM
X boleh bukak ! Nk bukak macam mane ? Lembab mcm siputt !!!!!
Irritating .. Cant log in plz fix this. B.c
Great app
It is ossom
Loved it
Bad
Ahmadmay Abdallah
Mahol
I paid app is better  there is difference between tablet and phone
1957
Very good
Please fix the horrible auto refresh on my News Feed, Facebook. When it refreshes and pops me back up to the top of my News Feed after only 5-10 minutes of scrolling through, my response is just to frustratingly give up and turn off Facebook. I will refresh it when I want to start over again, thanks. I don't need help with that. Still haven't downloaded your data-hogging 2nd app, Messenger, and won't. Maybe that's why everyone else's FB seems to be constantly crashing on here.
It keeps shutting down! So frustrating!!!!
It never loads and force closes all the time. Close to deleting it and everyone else should till it works. Getting very sick.of it all!!!
Rajthakur
It's Fuckin awesome
Feceboo
I installed the latest update on my Samsung Galaxy tab 3 and it hasn't worked right since then. The app closes randomly and it is so annoying. It doesn't do it on my Samsung phone at all. Please come out with a new update and fix it.
Love it
For d older version
Very good
Good affort
With each new update it has gotten worse!!! Now I can't even open it!! Keeps crashing!!!
Ddsjdg
When I'm on it it will just clise out or when I'm on someone page and I might go on there friends list or pics it will just jump back to the news feed. This app us really starting to get to me.. Man fix it cause now I'm to the point where I'm thinking about just deleting my account
i'll change this into 5 Stars if you allow us to chat without FACEBOOK Messenger. I need to download it just to chat. What if it's important message and i need to Download Facebook messenger and my Phone storage is full. ./.
Very nice
It horrible I download 12 times it say error
This is my fourth time downloading the app. After a while starts to stop and im not available to open it. What hapend?????.
Nice
Cant upload video
Full of crap now a days
Hate the fact that u r forcing us to download this app..its very disturbing. .plz fix it..otherwise shame on u
It keeps freezing up and logging me off...was much better before all these updates
It won't refresh
Salaam
I can't post or update my status this version sucks ! It is really slow waste of time
Come mierda
but..why the calls is very busy
Good.j¨°.:-)
Goes really slow with every new update
Love it but its giving some trouble
Hi
I Love Facebook
i need to video call on my Android phone
Please fix it the speed is too slow while using facebook on my samsubg galaxy tab 3
It seems like I am updating this app daily for what? An app that can not update its content,  can not remove notifications from the website, an that can not display the news feeds I want. I think Facebook needs to create a whole need app to fix everything that's wrong with this app.
Its ok
Hero
Best social network app
It keeps telling me that at my news feed after the update few days ago, what is wrong with fb??
the latest update is totaly bad. i open the apps, the conection is stopped, the prosesing is stuck and the apps wont open. i dont know why. i try it many time but nothing changed. please fix it. thanks.
Superb Human Relationship
Nice
Nice app
Good
Because when i press the app in 10 seconds it turns off
I cant load the news feed
I think its good
Good
After updating Facebook is running really slow and locking up frequently. I have an HTC One 64gb wiyh quad processor it has to be at your end. :-)
Sucks
Life without fb is ocean without water
Download about Facebook in the other use of the way of the new
Lush
Sooooo goooood
Baik
Travel agency
Sloooooooooow! Keeps on forcing close! Pleace fix this...
Good
Mantap
I like to open Web pages then go back to Facebook and I'll read the articles later. I cannot do that since it is mandatory now for FB to be the Web browser. It should be an option. BS.
Facebook
And so fun I post pics of every where fn' go!
I am unable to share images in chat, i dont know what os the problem i dont see the attachment option
Never refreshes or updates the news feed.  It's annoying
Bugs and Slow
Very good one
Worst app
Consumes too much space and RAM and battery
Gjgh
after 3 - 5 mins. it exits without a warning...bit laggy...please fix this bug
Sed
what the hell with you developer?
R.S
Since updating it keeps stopping.It just does NOT upload newer posts! I'm on my android 4IOS. Some posts are days old!! Until then I rate it ONE!
This app its so log, im so dissapointed my first expect in this app is so fast but when i open it my facebook is work...
K
I hate every time an update is made something else goes wrong with app.....I couldn't upload videos yesterday and today the app closes out on its own every time I try to get on I'm ready to give up hope of fb
Goog
This app doesn't work properly anymore
Won't let me watch videos

Last update broke it!!! Unstable when playing videos! Yayyyy :D
Cool a very distinctive social network
Ok
Worst app ever..
Good
I just love ittttt.....
I am loving it
Very excellent social site
This new look is awesome!
Wtf??? Last update didnt help.Slow and freezes phone. Samsung galaxy centura. I cannot connect any games to fb!!!
Always like by each and everyone
Good
App is amazing cn contact to all people amywrre in d world
Good
love
Information, friend circle, feed back, exchange of views, photography information, friends comments, all these things we can get easily. More handy information presentation will be there. Thank you.
Great app
it takes forever to download
I have had Facebook and it is Bosssssss!!!!!!!
Like it
Still bad.
Woundafull
Nice app.......help to connect people
monir321
i like because  it's can share photo and video,and some people can write and post on the Facebook... Please like me.....and thanks for reading and like.....
V v nice
Varun
Good
The app doesn't load the updates properly. Not good for checking Facebook. This app needs to be improved.
Sara bloomer
Yea it stickin an doin its own ting at times
Loved it
App works great. I just hate facebook.
M
Its eating my bandwith
Because we can chat with our friends
Gunasagar
U
I love the new sleek design of a milky white outlook and new sections so i'm not stuttering everywhere i go but i'm having trouble on the galaxy tab 3 it keeps exiting out automatically I don't know if it's the OS I have 4.4.2 KitKat so i'm not sure please fix this problem facebook, Thank You!.
Yow
Muito Bom
I like this app and its interesting thing
Love to  Facebook
Hmm Job
Loved it
You should be download this
Each update destroys it more, just like anything else that they touch. Can't just leave well enough alone. They'll continue to get away with it though as long as there's a need for people to post what time they use the bathroom. That's why they're worth billions.
Please sort this stupid app out keeps shutting down every time I try to do anything... gonna have to find another app for FB I think... pity
Facebook me des-vides ke friend Bana sakte he.
Nice
Everything works better
Amazing
Need improvement . V slow
It wont let me download it
On a LG G3 runs slow as hell. Fix it.
masuk
Speedier
Goodkl
Cant download pls fix this in the centre of process download it automatic stop for some errors
Good app ...
Really good app to have on your phone.
New update is horrible!!  Check In's that  I'm tagged to don't show on my timeline and are also not there to review; can't view any 'likes' on posts;  auto video playback freezes; posts that were viewable on the mobile app before the update, can only be seen from my desktop now.
I love the Facebook. .
Very good
It takes more space¡­¡­ Plz correct it¡­¡­!!
There are a lot of glitches in this app. Can't ever see comments or who liked my page. Can't post sometimes. Drives me crazy!
Thanks fb.
It's running 60% above normal and causes my android to overheatto dangerous temperatures
Like it
When are we going to get android wear support

Lagging ! Uninstall!
Nice app...
Always crash n ads block reading articles.. Frustrating!!"!
Nice Apps
it's a nice app
Try to update, failed. Mightbe the problem is my gadget,...
Fb
Too much space . It doesn't work on my Xperia neo v
What a app it is good
T
Gooooooooooood
I love facebook so much..
Jokx
Postvly gud.. Nagtvly bd..
Itz stop working by itz self
Not happy with Facebook wanting access to all the information on my phone.
Bhattiwelder
Nice
Very useful
M.s.a
Need to be more improvement
oops it requires strong wifi n very slow while other apps can work in weak wifi too....takes long time
I thought fb is updated on whats going on or friends status.. But this app is not. All newsfeed was updated in yesterday.
Uses a ridiculously high amount of RAM
It says it cant support my device   its really really bad pls fix this immediately
It needs to go
Getting slower with each update.
Try to upload into a album and it doesn't bring up recent photos.  Had to do it all individually.  Stop messing with thing's that were fine
like it
Like this
It Forces To Stop
5
Garyleewhitten. 4Rt399Box
Just wreck......
This keeps closing on me, can't stand the new updates, please fix
It shows "can't find a secure connection" when I try to create a group, with the home internet connection.
Jamal hossain
Really helps
When i open this app it is asking for logout and when i do logout app is getting closed and giving some error.
A lot of new bugs in new update! Stickers are missing, chat problem, messanger, etc. Fix it!
Mast
Awesome love Facebook
No words to discribe happiness
Exilant
Always crash when uploading photos
Connects with the friends worldwide
Apps keeps closing when i click on comments, works fine on android phone.
I loved it
Pls stop the weekly up date.waste my time... money and data...
Whatsapp is bettter
Super LIKE
Good apps but always
Fasbook
Good
i really love fb
nice I can't download it
I Love Facebook Very   Much
Nice
King no1
Yoyo
Needs some major improvements
Takes up to much room with messenger
Keeps freezing after a while & restarts to home page after a while .!
it ceaps my in touch
If it wasn't for my family living several states away from me, and them being on it, I would uninstall. I don't like that it updates on its own. Without permission.
Good
i dont want to get the messaging app idiot!!,,,,put the messages back to where it was!!,,,
Screwed up
:3
Ermmm
How about instead of everyone bitching you delete the app. Or read the comments and don't install it...common sense. Not so common anymore.
kom kharap na
Latest version, just crashes on Tab 3 10.1.
I liked this app
Home page timeline is now a mess... I just want to see most recent. Swipe through pictures and I keep ending up on friend requests. And I don't want a separate app for messaging? I have no need for 2 apps when I could message within he Facebook app easily enough before. Commercialised shite!
Good
It expires in a very short time and keeps on getting worse with the updates. :(
WTF!! Can't open after update ...
DONT INSTALL THIS. USE BROWSER. IT IS MUCH BETTER
Nepal
Great app
With phones providing just 1.gb installation space,fb and messanger
I'm this close to remove this app. News Feed is not loading on wifi but on mobile network... my wifi is working fine on any other app and platform by the way... why not try to improve apps rather than screwing with the already fine parts? Update: i am now uninstalling thanks for screwing the app...
Yeah its nice and cool
Somehow it doesn't update photos that are uploaded until I relog
supperb app
Wonderful
Good job
Good app
facebook                                 Dufhdvdhdbvv
For fast internet
Y dont u leave the apps alone.?.its not getting better but worst.. people should start uninstalling it.
Very nice
Occupies more space,,,,phones with less memory should get satisfied with old versions.
Since my last update, I cannot receive any new info, news wall, or messages. Please find out what  is wrong! I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling!
because love it
Great search engine.
For an Oolder version
I can't belive you guys can't get this app to work right...
NCFCCAA
Memory and Ram Usage Should Be Reduced..
Messenger
Got ASUS6, HTC Desire 816 n MEGA 5.8 n got gr8 new update God speed page display however wud appreciate if can stop receiving annoying game request for specific games ( not all )
What? Another new update? Okay let's try this and see how it goes...
The app stays open after you exit it and it is hard to close and stays in the task list on for no apparent reason...
With the new updates the FB page freezes much too often. I hate not having access to all the posts on my wall as I only use the mobile version. Who wants to see only the popular posts? And FB messenger is a pain. Can we please go back to the FB inbox n not these split versions? Your advisors are nuts, MZ.
I used the app properly after flashing Android 5.0 final preview but a few days ago this started to crash stop 3-4 secs after app start. Please fix.
Love the new updates
Every update make it worst
Tom cat
facebook
I like it
Loved the previous update. I manage a group and I could tag members and now I can't. And now it's crashing saying Internet stored working!!  Also would be nice to be able to search for members in my group without having to use the Web browser!!!  Please fix ASAP!!!!!!!!!
liked it
Facebook You Suck!!!!
Tanpa cinta..hidup xkn bmkna  Cinta pd allah..rasul..sesama manusia
Its very new
Since the last update I now have no option available to turn off notifications of posts I've commented on. Very annoying, please fix (HTC One M8).
But sometimes it slow
To add a local calling feature excluding us and canada....also video calling from mobile phones
Decrease the memory space Facebook application is the only app taking more than 60 mb in internal memory so please reduce the memory capacity of Facebook please :(
Fully masti
69 years.
Very slow. Like a turtle walking
I cant watch vedios on facebook I tried clearing the data and reseting it but still does not work not one vedio I can watch
This app is trash

Pretty good cgg
Can't install
Like it
The app crashes the whole time
But used too much data...plz make it used to consume less data....otherwise itz superb
Nice
Loved it
Every single update you make seen to make this app get worse
Im not getting notifications since the last update, even though they are turned on...
In iPhone when I used the app the pages opening in middle are easy to close and won't take you to the start again but in this app every time I open and close a news in fb it is going back to the top which is very irritating.
Why it always so word unfortunately com.facebook.orca is stop.. What can i do?
The app is closing everytime I try to watch a video or click on a page or just watching de news feed .
Bakwas
Teju
Everytime i am logged out..i have logged in my account and after some time my account is logged out.. i have to log in my account again and again...this app was good earlier but now its not....i hate this...
Love
good
Changed 4* to 1*. App keeps crashing after a short period of time. Nexus 5 android lollipop
Works on my Galaxy S5, but not on my Galaxy tab 3. Time for a total rework.

put recent posts back if u want 3 more stars. And can no longer share a post to my page after update
Super
Good
Works good
I cann8t use voice message
Just about good enough, much more stable but still not showing most recent posts first. Why?!
It is very helpful for me. I loved it very much.
Good..but if to old we not update it,it's become slowly and not responding
Loved it....
Coolx
Fantastic one to share my thought
Love it!
Whats that f4ck i cant download it for galady tab android 4.2.2
It runs so slow
Good job
Gunasagar
Facebookk
Its good
Not able to download errors show insufficient space

Why u r forcing to install messenger? It takes too much storage space
it just getting bigger & bigger I size
Keeps crashing on galaxy tab
Worse than worse
Fast
Awesome
Memang best
Good
Not able to see the images.
Man
My day is not complete without it. There. Just had to admit it.
Awesome its awesome
Sheila Franklin
The last few updates have been awful!  It crashes when opening messages, it doesn't always update for most recent posts or comments.  To get on fb I have to go to the Web and not use the app. Terrible!
I love it
thank you
pls.my apps.fb tks.
Its doesn't load
Facebook
Some time hanged n
Musa12345
It's all ight
Horrible
Thanks
Any time you want to look at something it freezes then takes you of the app. Would not recommend
...
Knowledgeble software
After an update, i can't comment...it goes back to thw home page, I had to re install app! Hope this works
wow
Ok nice job.....
At times it gets too slow for Android..  Overall would rate 3.5/5
Whats going on?? Update done, now my news feed wont update, getting logged out, sort it out will ya!
Super
Dont u have restricted mode for facebook mobile?
After update became slower
I think I understand so far
Too many updates
Downloads
<3
Nice social network
Wish the news feed was actually in order.   Not bumping items each time someone comments or likes it
Since the latest update, this app is not working with WiFi even. It's only one or two stories which can be seen with pictures and the rest of them doesn't come. It's very slow these days. Please see to it.                        THANK YOU.
Why do we have to download f**kin Facebook messenger
Like
Awesome this app i really love it
Why do you keep forcing your users to download the Messenger app? You FORCED people to use the Messenger app, people complained and left Facebook. Then a stand alone Facebook update came with the built in messenger function, it was all perfect. NOW your most recent update removed it again and trying to FORCE people to download your Messenger app AGAIN. I will stop using Facebook and uninstall it EVERY TIME you FORCE me to use your Messenger app. FORCING IS ALWAYS THE WORST MOVE. Be honest, don't do tricks!
Everytime I open this app, it always says that "setting up facebook" and after awhile, it closes. Fix it, please.
put Facebook in your pocket!
.
Awesome
:)

On
nice!!
Good moves
You said speed and reliability.... But is all the opposite... it's too slow and data heavy.... I can't used it any more... nexus 5 v4.4.3
Kya bhai... Kya kya download kre. 25mb ka Facebook fir 20 mb ka messenger. What do you want? All phone memory filled with only facebook.
Good

Facebook
Never finish "Setting Up Facebook" , take to much RAM. Crash , Freeze . Too many problems , Facebook.
I Like
I like it!!
To see the number of views in all our stats/ posts should be added to Facebook :D
Coz why its not working.before its ok.but now i hate.i cant open my fb.
Like it
drains juice too much... :(
Why does it say this when I try to download it??????
:)
There is the most common bugs like every other social media have, which shouldn't be with facebook.
Love it
Nice
What a nice app!..
Can not log-in to my facebook
Description
Facy
Nice job..
Love
Why do fb have to install messenger when in fact it can be seen and sent messages without that messenger. .
It Crashes all the time.,uninstalled it, but it won't let me download it again, it always gets stuck at 32%.,
its ok.
Only the one thing that I hate in facebook is slowly opening it .
12345678
It is very very good.......
love it
Good
Cool app
Excellent loved it
yes
Simply the superapp
............its owsm.............
Yepppiiiiiii
Love it
Hanging again n again hate it
Takes up a chunk of my phone's internal memory and it then doesn't want to open.. please fix, coz I really love facebook..
This apps
Lovely and cool app.
Good
Love it ever!!
Faster fastest
Only UPDATES
Gets updated every week. Hence poor rating
Beautiful one
Very cool upgrade guys :-)
I can't use it after the last update. doesn't show pics, posts shows double...
Baramati
Sureshprabha007
Its actual nice
not good
Please bring back the via android post or via what smartphone the user is using. If you bring it back I'll rate 5 stars. Also it keeps crashing now.
Always crashes :( Thinking about deleting!!!! Fix it
Yall need to work out some bugs none of the pictures are uploading
Nice
Bor
Yes
Would be better if you could tag who your with in your profile picture
Arhhh.....my old phone can download. It but my new can
It won't let me download the app
Thanks
Don't care too much for the fact you think you may need to record me or take my picture without my knowledge. . .  Isn't that invasion of privacy and unconstitutional???
Good enough
look great
my son
Kl
V
Kindly remove the messenger for it sucks ^_^
I cannot go in,Please fix it
Great
Thanks
I love it because of madhuri dixit nene
It not bad
It's very worse.. I can't even open it ! It keep on kick me out! Can you please solve the problem? This problem has been occur for 2 months!
Love
Crashes as soon as it is opened
<3
Well app
I tried to download finished bl but its so big file
Good
nice
Nice..
It is so patetic
Book of frndz
so slow downloading this app.
I am unable to see videos in my fb app . i am using Micromax turbo. When ever i click on video, app stops suddenly and go to home page. I have reported about this several times but no use.
XD
Easy to utilize and also packed with massive apps
Cool
Its good and love the new version
Super
Good
ek
Crap
It freaks me out
God
Moth
Rahul jakhar
Bkwaaas
Verygood
140495
Good app but it makes my tablet lag..
Good one
Nice
facebook
Good app
Changing rating from 5 to 2 stars.
Make it consume less data please
I change my app settings to "don't sync" but a few hrs later it went back to sync contact,,, and too many update without improvements, try to solve that!!!
Nice
Nice
i like it
Ye gadha game
I can't download any app to my phone :-(:-(:-( 1st this has ever happened to me
Suparbbb
The only was u can message is they fb message.
It's very good
When I click on pictures they take about 2 minutes to show up and when I click on videos the video screen goes blank and then shows on my phone about 2 mins after. Past few updates have caused this
Best...!
Nice but large amount of data consumed.
Please stop with all the updates & fix the whole app! This app just gets worse & worse each time. It hardly ever works, it scrolls all the way to the top every few minutes, & the pop ups of "pages similar to" when I post is so annoying. Maybe you should just go back to the original app. I want to see my post, most recent and in order, without it going to the top of the news every two minutes. I think maybe you should even take the browser version back to the way Facebook originally was. Time to use Twitter?
Facebook
Why r slowing
67576183
wonderful.
Aaaaaand finally !! Fb official app is actually good !! Love it !
I like to do its.
Awesome app
Super
This application is very very super
Wonderful new design .. Perfect!
Nice version
U can make it better i think
Don't force me to download messenger because I download it if I want !!! Fb is go down not good
Very good
Elizabeth
Salam namaste
Very good
So many updates
Nice
Can't even go on to selling pages or anything like that bring back the old one >:-<
Brilliant ,
No Space..
Osam
What to do
Loving the new update AWESOME!!!
Easy to operate
Why refresh the feed while scrolling/looking at the photos? Why can't we have a consistent feed when we scroll up and down? What if we want to look for a post when it refreshed and we would never find it again? What's good for Facebook to be existed only to lower our productivity and let attention seekers get what they want?
Nice
I hate Facebook new version this want more space in phone !! And showing very much of errors
Facebook
Good
Very cool
Sama
Sirrrra
Need to be improve more.
Nothing say
Won't update over Wi-Fi. Usability seems to get worse with every new update.
This app is slow but OK...
Facebook
Its awesome
Its so nice
It is very beuty
To slow speed . Make it  work quicker or sell it on quicker
Jednostavno nemoze da se instalira!

Its gud for txtin faster
Awesome
always number one
I like it
Ian antonio
Improved social app
Keeps me connected to my origin, my up bringing, and reminds me that I have positive energy-constantly, alive and near me. Energy that I-just as everyone, have some how, in my past-created. I'm thankful for this "magical memoir medicine"!
good ma na matnom era
Its a bit difficult to use and errors when loading cant do message function from app..need to get another app so just so much of a nuisance.  Someone needs to come up with a better user friendly app so we have an alternative
Its fantabulously maintained
So cool xD
Dr we
Having good experience

I love
App is crap these days and get rid of the messenger app
Fed up with too much space occupying useless new updates. Too disappointed. Leaving this app. I'm better off with phone browser. Thanks.
My News Feed isnt latest...
Jjjjjj
Setting up has no end! Can't log in! And you have so many bad reviews about this and you're not doing anything to fix them! Now, even logging in using the web is no longer working! Goodness! Do something!
It takes to long to open it, and often it just do not respond.
I suggest fb  app developer to decrease the size of app, data usage and permissions..
I like it.
So slow
Ki
Maha fudu app
Not working at all now, from last night. Fix it! Plzz :(  (LG- E460)
Love it!!!!!
Like this app very much
All like its
Good
Terrible.  Badly written app that is so unstable
Perfect app ,apt for everyone,big salute to you guys behind the idea and creation
Can't open any photos
Can easily reach family and friends
Mohan
WHEN I LOGED IN THAN MY MOBILE HANGEDDDD
Pechchiva
After update, it keep crashing . . .. .  In last three time login to fb, it crash 2 times
Why cant i download it?!?!?
Kikc
Great
Very nice
Fed up of top stories being in default. Add the option to start on most recent first. Bet you don't listen though
U guys want to hear some abuse here. But I don't want to get blocked. So u guys tell me why on earth does it keep on logging out daily? Why? U don't check ur apps before putting updates here? U guys r making this app look like dumb.
Both apps are great but the problem is they are separated, can you get these two into one app? And it will also be wonderful if you make the app less battery consuming. Thanks.
Happy new year
Look at Google+, it has amazing UI and won't give numerous updates. Learn from it.
Needs to match the iPhone app
I dont like twitter but like facebook
Good
Its a very nice app I love using this app we can find our friend and can talk with them.
I love IT
very good
It suddenly started syncing my facebook friends with my contacts without asking my permission. After searching for a while I found the setting and I turned the syncing option off. But it keeps doing the same thing, and I have to turn off the setting every time! FIX IT!!!
Very slow
Shite!!
The new update is rubbish.
Never trust the fate because we create the fate
I dont like the messenger ! Must take it off!! GeEeezzZz  ..      . Need 1GB or more space to ur phone when u download it. I cant open this app . I already deleted my other app for just downloading this fB!! I check my free space on my phone its 3.0 GB .. still cant open this app.. hmm!!
Now that I have a newer phone it works great, a lot more stuff to use and play with :) please keep up the good work!
Improve speed
Its very slow it takes more space
Way to many permissions!!! App has to be opened twice before it will load new posts! (still happening over the last few updates) Videos don't always play fully. Most recent cannot be set as default. Only reason I use the app as it doesn't used as much data as the browser version!
ilove this apps
Cool :)
After update,every time i play a video. fB is error.
Please make it use less memory it wastes so much memory that i can use on other things
Upgraded to the latest version, crashes, sucks 34% of my battery down in 2 hours, ruined my phone, skip avoid avoid (galaxy s 3, standard rom). - Uninstalled altogether.
Nothing to say rather u improve d standard of tagging system
Private detective and business owner.
Pool maintinance
Easy and efficient
Why always trouble in news feed cant log out pls fix it.
need more colour or make new face. exp: wallpaper or background like myspace..
With every update now you make me hate you more. And now I have to manual stop it running when I use it. Deal with it as I am seriously sick and tired of your greed ruining what many years ago was a fun app.  At this rate it won't be many more updates before I say goodbye!
Good
Abc
becouse my fb is not pleas you can back or give me a fb.
It is very difficult to find our or anybody alse. It is also some interesting about picture and giving status
Very poor
Gud
Nice verison
Old version
Nice
It's good but why so much update frequently?
I like it.
Doesn't open up @ discovery
Eow this is great apps
Since updating, even when you close facebook check your running applications and see it carries on in background using 25% battery. Phone runs out before evening meal. Galaxy s3
It used to suck but they have improved it a lot. Become a beta tester to get the new features..
Ever since the last update it always stays as an active app after logging out, wasting data and battery
Good app
More updates and improvements make  people lose their phone's memory and they get less reliability
Suparb fantastic .....
It won't let me click on anyone's name on the newsfeed
Nice apps
Best for chat
I cant log out and bse of that,i cant log in. Thought the updates were to make it better though for this case made it worse
good
Good app
When I want to post as myself, not as the admin of my page... It always does as the admin! Bloody hell, each time I have to go to the browser for that ... No option in the app! Please, provide the option for posting as oneself or as the admin! Also, it's getting worse with so many unnecessary updates!
hate it. slow
Last day there was an Update and then today an Update again and it eats up a lot of storage and it crashes a lot , what happend to Facebook ? Are trying to make your users Uninstall this "Was a good app before" ? Pls fix it , it sucks , lagging every swipe , crashing every minute , .
"Setting up" every time i star it...
Nice app
MALANI JIRANGACHH THAKURGANJ KISHANGANJ BIHAR 855116 MY LAIF IS GOOD DATE OF BARTH 15/03/1997
Everytime I try to download it says there's an error and won't let me load it. But I can still download messenger and everything else. The update has made it to where I can't download the app.
Takes up lot of memory
Not very user friendly as an app... Need to search around for things
Merge prost rau
4ever best
Makes it feel like you can only have it if you have an amzing phone with massive memory
Love it
Asm
Facebook
IMRAN ANSARI IMRAN ANSARI
:)
Update is useless...  Need sm thing new
Many update.
I love facebook
It is getting on my nerves recently. I cant see any pictures on news feed. They r just loading over and over again.
My facebook keeps on crashing every 7 seconds and it's so annoying that you need to open it again, then after a few seconds, it'll crash again, like it'll just close by itself. Like whut. Can you please fix this!?
It works perfectly.
mm
Last version was much better
I want to adjust my cover photo....please do something for that......
This application sucks to the core. Can't be moved to external SD card and consumes at least 75 - 100 mb space. Leaves no space literally for other apps.
Best
H
It sucks please fix it
Hate it!
Bhut dheere chalti he
Good luck
Good great
Gd relation subject
Force closes
Bgus
U
Very Nice :-D
Liked it
Below average app. Finally gets   option to edit posts! And why oh why does it update so often. And it's always chugging away in background eating battery.
I hate how this app automatically plays a video on there with me never clicking on it. It gets very annoying.
Super
I loved it.....so friendly
Waow
Excellent
thank
Nice?.....?..................?.....?,.,,.,,,.....?....
good,but if it is able to video chat using phone, that would be much more better.
Its so addicting
New version is too heavy . offline comment mode is just sucks. My phone is just like an old man. Use full ram all time. Hang and dead slow the phone. Just uninstalling it. Previous version was gud.
Its not working
I hate that I have to install a second app to use the messenger feature
Greatest
So annoying not having statues in order hating seeing what happend on a Friday In Sunday's newsfeed
Beautiful application
Cool app
Love my facebook its fun to have it
I like facebook
Function r good but u cannot chat without messenger wch really bad
:-)
Excellent!!!

Really very bad woring app also it used more RAM than other apps used. It always tells me to log out but whn i lpg out it regain login my accnt by it self.
Love Facebook! Hate the App! Faster, and more tuned to what I like but it still freezes, it still shuts off whenever it wants, and sometimes won't even load! Like I said, love Facebook. Hate the App!
Getting worse after d update. It's slow......
Very nice and good app
Dab a app chennqge Villa tumba hottu togolutiiro
Keeps closing out
It keeps logging me off
Facebook causes too much space in my 16gigmemory card. Please fix it and ill change my rate. :)
This app take so much spece in the phone
NON - VOGLIO -  SINCRONIZZARE - I - CONTATTI!
Happy new year
Despite of being installing again and again its not installing and if somehow installation takes place, during logout it gives a lot of problems.So,it needs improvement..
Love to use it
Good
I love Facebook
Hi
i l
Constantly freezing and closing on samsung tab 3, really annoying

Loving soooo much
hi
With this new updates i cant normally use fb, it just drags me away
Would be great to be able to upload from usb otg when mobile without first having to copy to device gallery.
I can hardly do ANYTHING! !!!! It loads & click on something & it shuts off!!!!!
Fantasti
Stop updating it. Stop trying to make it better your making it worse.
And I can hardly do anything on here like I could with an iPhone. Why can't i see or post picture comments? App keeps crashing randomly when I'm not even on it. Seriously sort it out.
Bad
Pinoy Channel
Videos never load on my Sony Xperia Z2
VERY NICE
Like it very much
Facebook says connection lost but my coonection is really good and the facebook cant let me to show my nofications or messages orfriends please fix it
Since this last update I can't do anything on my phone doesn't load using wifi or data. CRAP is what this app has become. I'm using a galaxy note 3
Nice app
Nice
trying to unfollow people so my timeline is full of garbage, but after i unfollow about 10 or so people, i suddenly lose the ability to unfollow any more.  stop worrying about making this  app look pretty, and just concentrate on making the features that matter work.
Just i like it!
Changed my tablet three days ago to Tab 3. Installed this new version of Facebook. Haven't been able to add a single comment, or even run the app for more than 2 minutes since then. Have uninstalled, restarted tablet and reinstalled twice now. Have given up with the app, using browser instead. Fix it fast guys!
Loovly
Super
This apps use more than 100MB so please solve this problem. .....
So many updates .. getting worse day by day
Since the frequently updates it always freezes and I keep open and close to work but still nothing loading and I restart the mobile but also no use .. I can't post and nothing uploads, nothing work at all it just freeze and actually it's common problem now with all my friends ,, fb was once gr8 app but now it's really useless unless u wanna get nervous breakdown ..I actually had to uninstall it and reinstall many times thinking it might work but still nothing .. plz guys when something is good leave it good
Videos seem to not work with the update
Fi
Bika
Weird but I love it but the problem is I log out the fb and when I log in it says try again and then I uninstall it keep saying try again
ADDICTED
Its really amazing :))))
Like it
Cooler
We should have a choice to what app we want to use for mesaging. Not be forced to use one whole app just for one thing... useless
great,lovely app.
Muscat
amazing..
Like
Wery good
Too many updates and consume too many space thus lagging devise very slow.
nice
Keeps us in touch with our frnds
Very nice app.
Awme..
angelawinkler5245
Needs more than 100 mb of storage space for messenger and facebook app. Devices with low storage capacity getting struggled to use other apps.
STOP CRASHING!
I mainly just hate the new facebook concept.
Awesome app its brilliant
bosry
FACEBOOK
Ilike this apss
Jyo

Facebook is important and it can communicate for other people.
Takes up way to much space
very nice
Messenger app is not helpful. It's lesser user friendly and a waste of internal memory. And the worst part is, we have to have it read msges. Videos were better when we had to open them with our own app. Now, the video quality and options r pathetic.
Excellent..
Since last update I can't choose the option to stop following a post. Its very irritating
Bagus .
Thanks.
Hella good woop
Really annoying when the pop-up for 'new stories' (or posts or what ever it says) comes up and automatically sends you to the top of the page at the same time. Angry thought goes something like this: "Hello, I was reading that! And now I have to scroll ALL THE WAY BACK to where I was plus through the new stuff to finish!!! Why did you do that!?!?"
Why it is so slow¡­.
This app already takes up a ridiculous amount space on your phone. Now you can't even access your messages. You HAVE to install the messenger app. Just stupid. What's next? A separate app for news feed, one for status updates, one for friend requests, and another for posting photos? Might as well just make separate apps for each feature of Facebook, so that the only thing we have space on our phones for, is Facebook and it's 12 separate apps. Keep up the great work Facebook! Pfft.
Good

Deshan
Fix it. Dropped you from 5 to 1
Asyraaf
Blood Line $ $ King
A fantastic app.
Facebook
nice
Not opening and updating. ?.
This app makes my phone lag and it frequently asks to download the Facebook messenger
Hello
Wow
Its pretty good
Every time my "feed" refreshes on its own making me lose what a was doing, I feel like tracking down the engineer who wrote up the requirements and... making sure they done work again. Also get your security in order so you can have facebook contact sync once more with Android.  (That is the current issue, isn't it?)
Why make messanger compulsory?
Yizzzz
Gemok Hahahahsvsbs
Gary Lee whitten Lee's Heating and AiR
Hi guys
Every each day new update. each update is 25.61 megabytes. Really it wasn't change. Some video's page has an another videos, under the video page. if I want to share another video, I can't. How this application engineer work and think. I don't know. I hate.
Very  NNNNNNNNNice
I only have this for my job
Good for nothing app!
Love i
I have  learnt  a lot  about it each and   every one should  have it  superb .
oh...facebook
Wow
Very useful
Love
The previous versions were much easier to use. Why do you have so many unnecessary updates?
Too good :)
need update every after 3 days
Chandpur CTG
So good
Since the last update I can't log in on my Galaxy SIII. Deleted it from the phone.
J
Wonderful
Everything freezes and it takes me out and I have to keep going in so many times this is also happening to some of my friends please fix it it's very frustrating
Facbook
Super cool
my phone said i must uninstall facebook because it happens some error
Good
Too many glitches
It is so so and so much worst. I have viber,hike and whatsapp also .but it is so much bad and boring, facebook is just an app And it is just famous.....only
Good choice
My phone play store showing update for fb app every day. I will update it same time. But very next day it will shows update again. Is it intentionally? I didn't felt any more performance improvement. Crappy app....
Too much size
Not working on my karbonn A2+
The same old feeds keep propping up every day, even I can keep -liking- the post 'n' number of times. Ridiculous!..also just because it ruins phone space, I had uninstalled it around half a dozen times.
Why does it have to be in every update takes so much space in storage, Why??
Since last update I cannot get any notifications, friend requests.
Works well
YouTube streams video seamlessly on my device yet Facebook can't even give me a photo to view. Simply doesn't work!!!!!
;P
Nothing bad ever happens and its just like ur online
Practically useless when on wifi. I would have to turn wifi off to get updates (on 4G).
Good app but compulsory download of messenger is annoying
I have used Facebook on 4,distinct platforms and all give me notification for birthdays of friends but over here there are non! which is quite sad if I miss one one's b'day. I hope they mend it soon.
Jatt
Facebook app just keep using a lof my phone ram help
Jacob
Fb keeps shutting down.  Ive reported it but still not resolved
Many of them, consisting hatred and we've report it. Facebook remove it but two days later restore it. Facebook violating their own rule.. i hate facebook for this..
It's ok but less mb
FACEBOOK
Sanjay heartedly lov in lipsa
Awsom software
The last version sucks has lots of bugs
Jalal000
Facebook
Good
Make it to use less internet balance it uses very much mb
You open the app then want it to load new feeds but it won't load. Comes up with tap to reconnect to internet although there is nothing wrong with internet. To be able to reload you need to clear history then open it again!
Its a peas of crap
amazing
Guarda demasiados datos. Y aunque dispongo de buena memoria interna.. Por lo menos 110 mb o mas (dependiendo de cuanto tiempo pase) ocupa s¨®lo esta app. Mientras m¨¢s la actualizan peor se pone en ese aspecto.

Gemail
I try to load the picture but cant!! Please fix!!! same problem again!!!
Bad bad bad
New member
Freezing.Make it better
good apl
I can't able to download
Sir i want to  say that to drive cleanness  in ward no 6  in udhampur  near  vivek niketan school dharroad udhampur  to instruct U.M.C udhampur
Excellent
Nana di
Connecting people
Great
It's like an extended family :-)
More useful to connect people
Fun
Its good.
Gud
This new update is awful! Should have left it the way it was. Gets worse with each update.
I have hundreds of FB contacts and i purposely had contact synching turned OFF in my settings. WITHOUT ANY MENTION IN PERMS MY FB FRIENDS ARE NOW IN MY CONTACT LIST!!!!! Contact list has NOTHING to do with FB!!! Overreaching yet again!
Social Media
Keeps kicking me off. Plz fix this problem ASAP!
As the title suggests, I'm not the most seasoned if FB-er's. That said, I have to say it's pretty easy, straightforward, and fun to use. Almost ANY update that makes it quicker, easier, and fun to use (or fixes any bugs), is good by me. Thanks FB!
It is ok...need to improve more
Dull
App keeps crashing on my Galaxy Tab 3.
What happened to the reply option
good
Gettting worst..please fix this problems..
march 27 1953

It's good
5 star for this
Cool as hell
:)
Yes
Boring
Still okay.
It make my battery more less battery
Drops out continually.  5, 6, 7 times in a row. I'm sick of losing my newly typed posts before i even get to actually post it.  So tiresome and frustrating.
Wander
Ok nice
Cannot type Japanese input naturally. Always stuck.
:)
Too much permissions. .what do you think your doing. Collecting data
I love using this app.
Keeps jumping to the top when reading newsfeed. Would think they have at least the basics right. Why else would there be a new stories icon if ignoring it would be the same as pressing it.
Very great
I cnt downlood it dnt no y
Love it
It is what it is, does it ok.
They had a great thing going for a long time. It already had push notifications, why was there any reason to bring in another app?
Boooo update suck
Good apps for everyone
Hi Facebook
It awesum...!!
Every time I use it then it logs me out
Please  make it happen it's so frustrating  in this day and age where desk tops and laptops are getting more out of date that this is the only place u can move your photos and create life events
Aaaaaaaaa
I have a reoccurring problem with log-in and log-out. but if not for that it be 5 stars.
Kanyie
It keeps blacking me out and i can't reply to messages even though i have the  messenger app . I can't even accept friend requests, or look at notifications.
Hello
Good
Wow eahhh es la k hayyyg
Rajadurai
Cant download
Sirrrraaaa
App is slower now.
ESTA APLICASION ESTA VIEN PERRONA YUPI
Also, voting 1 star just to ride the bandwagon.
NYC
very nice app
Whats wrong with this? My phone is only 2gb but still cnt download!? Is this a joke?
I hate this app Ghatiya h new version
Can never log in! Keeps telling me that I have the wrong phone number when I'm putting in my email. Getting out with my sanity.
Crap
Every time new stories pops up, it refreshs.l must keep scrolling over same things!
Goooooooooooooooood
I loved it so much
Nic
Once a good app
Facebook buhat he zbrdast hy Mary buhat sy frands bany hn amazing
Vadiyaa yaa
Alain zenab@yahoo com
Now I have many friends worldwide. Thank you Facebook.
Uses a more data then it should I have to reinstall it all the time I thought it was the phone so got a new and it's still slow and this is the only way I can keep in touch with my family please fix the issue with the Facebook app other then that I really like Facebook
Hope we can also add files from our device
Thanks again for all
Supaaahhh Love it !! XD
Woooooooow
Thaku
loved it
Better not install this app! It takes lots of irrelevant updates and space. It's been years and yet you've done nothing about it? What a shame!
Each time i search my friends it automatically closes the app beside you have compulssary download messenger ....and slow on update also
It means you followed dumb teacher
i want instagram to my mobile star pro
Cannot share birthday cake pictures anymore. Or any other of my pictures or albums. Fox this damned thing
Wow
Best
It takes more time
awosome
Keeps crashing on Tab 3
nice
I'm going to get
I don't like these app
Fb is giving update weekly we can't waste data in downloading it
liked
Perfect, after the update I can't even click on names to view their profile. Using Samsung note 4..... Edit: I can view their profile if i click a name inside the comments but not who posted the status.
Lots of improvements working h well on my Note 2 Rooted on Modded 5.0 Lollypop
App is top notch now :-) keep improving
Its a great app!
Some more better
I love it
I don't want this on my phone but cant get rid of it. Bugger off facebook!!!!!! Would give it zero if possible!
Hmmmmm
Force closes all the time when trying to open. Barely usable.
Good
Hate that Facebook has altered the newsfeed from most recent to whatever it pleases. They're slowly trying to destroy there own product.
But instead, you allow the message notification to nudge us towards needing the messenger app. Pathetic!
So so
So slow. Photos don't load. Sometimes my comments don't show up. And I don't want to use another app to read messages.
Lovely
Excelent
Want to see top liked comments!!
I love it
Notif.
This new version sucks data,uninstalling it....
This facebook app will be heated ur device.,..nothing else......Don't download it...
great
Why can't I access my messages just because I don't have a messenger?!!
I would have given this 5stars if it would not force to download the messenger can I hate messenger app
Very good
Like
The No.1 Social Network right on your Android. So Fast and Reliable. And The UI is so Attractive along with the White and Blue Color Scheme. Keep It Up!
Everyday update!!
Anand Giri
Great
Taking up to much data with these updates,,,arggg
I still prefer to use the browser on my tablet, but this is fine when I'm on my phone. If there was a version optimized for tablets I'd be happier.
Too slow
Tnx its complete
I don't know if it's only for my smartphone but with the new update doesn't load some pics. 2 stars at moment
To good
Just too much!
good
2361 to chat with other people
Candy crush
Nice
The app is taking a huge space  :(
Great for catching up an cheeseme even if we never comment lol
There is lot off Option but it don't work properly after some times its disconnected.
Super like
I can't play v¨ªdeo. Every time I want to watch a v¨ªdeo Have lot of crash.
App
Loved it
I just get white screened. No crash report or anything. I used to use all the time but it literary doesn't work now. Nexus 4
Vi
Hi
U
The update doesn't even let me on my news feed. It takes forever to load then says that Facebook isn't responding.
Love
Easy way to use..
The last two updates made it really slow.
Boom Like :3
Pls. It occupies the storage for a low storage..
Nice app
Now not so good
Good luck with your family and friends.
Thik
I lovee it
NEVER FEAR ANYTHING BECAUSE HE HAS MY BACK!!!!!!
Consumes more installation space
I love facebook , fastway to connect with family , friends & people in our universe .
While other apps which use mob data are working fine Facebook is not opening notifications and news feed, it shows error as No Internet connection or error while connecting.
Vhery nice fb
Please fix, i am using samsung tab 3 gt-p5210 whenever i go to someone else's profile or view comments, my fb suddenly stops and keeps on logging me out!
I have attampted more then once to download facebook and still comes to the same result..
Good
Feels awesome ....news feed updstes really quick...uploading anything is really fun....everythinhbseems do smooyh..
Consumes too much phone storage space when installed.
Mahal
R
its  good.
It's alright, I want it to be updated lol. Im high right now typin.
Loving it
Ever since the new update the app's been crashing all the time
That consumes our time. Make us comfortable with the app and make sure that what you are updating is for the benefit of its users.
Performs well a lot of the time but out of nowhere lags and that's frustrating.  Still far away from being smooth even on high end devices. Buckle up Facebook.
This is the rating I give you due to the fact that you made it so that i cant  see my own private inbox messages because I refuse to give away my private rights for you to make money....you should really fix this issue, you can't force anyway to download an app that invades their privacy.
best
G00d app
Aarif khan So nice is software for u r mobile android.use u of so nice I loved
wast app
I like fb b4 they.started changin things.
Why r u updating it so many times within a week...
fb sucks
The app is monstrous in size, and taking too much of ram please do something about that, aren't you guys at Facebook the smartest guys on earth. Well you know what to do, and please even reduce the basic app size too
Love it
Safety
Constant problems. Always changing the layout. Find myself having to uninstall and install.
Superb
Fadu
Last update made it impossible to use facebook on my phone. I get the facebook isnt responding error.
Please please give me an option to have the recent feeds my default feed
Not workings properly.lots of problem when installed the app
Consuming more space...
I don't know what's going on but can't really access FB since last 2 days. Hard to access with my smart phone. Keep reloading page on the laptop. Are you crashing? Going to uninstall from my smart phone for now. Hope you'll get well soon!
Can it not take up so much space??????
Bestest app
Kya isang star LNG ksi ang laki ng mb nag error kaya Hindi KO mainstall
Well
I have to clear all my memory when i want to install this app
SKR
loved it
It's not too bad. Just because of following my idol ^_^
Since last update, I can't Turn Notification Off for Specific Post which is too much Important !!!
Worked fine till the update now just keeps closing! Need this fixed!!!!
it takes 100+ mb.  just by running this app. it makes your phone lag. better use browser than this app. >_<
Nice so very ververy  nice
I like it.
Would be much better if I could adjust the font size.
It can't be log out to see messages
Everytime I open it I get a force close! Can't even use it all! Fix your crappy app facebook!
Abc
Ready to use
Mi muro pierde estados actuales y cada vez que lo actualizo tengo como primer estado publicaciones m¨¢s antiguas.
Wow
Keeps clicking out of app evey 10 minutes for no rea we on and always force closing... please help.... please fix..... thank u
I love 
Fast and easy
Facebook download
I like this app  I like When it updateds
Al
Zawtun 1984
This app sucks!! Doesn't load doesn't open pages this is the 4th time I Uninstall it and install it again!
I like it
Always showing notification when there is none
i can't log into my account..it says im blocked..pLease pLease heLp..hOw cAn i fix it?? :(
Theres always a problem... and each time a chek something takes me to the same post... even if i want t see me timeline...
I don't understand why everytime i open Facebook on my tablet it force closes/just crashes. I can't get anything done.  Works fine on my phone. It's also aggravating that i can no longer set my default news feed to most recent.
Fast
I cant log into my account after installation n it crashes too
Always slow
Facebook
Title says it all.
Facebook rules
I have already Changed 2 fb  accounts and 12 password in a month
Facebook
Facebook the best social media platform
Best safest app for all ages on the internet. Keep up the great work Facebook!
Y its getting worst????
Nice apps
Got worse we have to install messenger also.. To text somebody ...
Ismailaajiz29 Nice nice and nice programme in the world
SLOW
Make you easier to get friends
Good but takes more space
Nice
Good
Good app
Nice...
I'm so tired of all these updates that are "better"  they're not better! If it ain't broke, don't fix it!!!
Slow download process
Man I freaking love fb
I am waiting for 'Top comments' on App
Compress data upload and download
Net to improve on error message and more feature.
Can't live with out it
Really great...
Good
Best hai
Keren
Good .....but status copy paste not  working
Since the recent update, I have not been able to c current updates....please fix
Every 3 days there's a new update with no useful changes and worst thing is Facebook process consume my 45% Ram What kind of application is this?
Crashes out as soon as it loads!
Love puri
Ever since the update it never works
Not good !
yo
The best
Love it Facebook great update
I am happy with this new update and I do not see why people are complaining with this update.
Name is antondarrel
Ya  ......um
vatsal thaker
Why I can't logged in
its very good app i like it.but some problem in reading frds post..
Feed doesn't load frequently.
Bookface
With the new update it keeps closing randomly.. Quite irritating
Poor app as well as worst app from past 2 weaks it is not working....
Best
Too slow on my phone fix it
It's taking me too long to search for a comment I was mentioned in when I tried to view it on a comment box that has way too many comments. I wish there is a certain featurr that would just take me or highlight the comment I was tagged in. I would give a five if that happens. Thanks :)
Melee it better
Too many un wanted updates from FB which is not what the user wanted.
The app is always on!
Good
Wont stop shutting down
It keeps logging me out every 5 second im in there
more fun..have fun! it helps us connected to the world..like friends and family.. keeping updated to the world..like news and people.. keep up the good work! nice! improve more! ;) <3
Why does chrome AND internet stop working randomly and at the same time? ! Also, updates just whenever it dam well pleases as I'm scrolling through old posts to catch up on what I've missed or when I'm trying to find something. Then it forces me to start over and scroll through everything AGAIN! It's time to dethrone this POS!
superb

Material Design plsss. And consume less space.
Won't let me open links or visit friends pages who are tags in posts. :(
cant download it... :| poor app
Updated take up so much memory!!
Im seeing double of my comments every time I post something
Nice app, Use daily. To many updates.
So many updates !! Fck
nice application facebook
This update sucks Facebook Keep's getting worse
I downloaded the Facebook app at the same time I updated the app 3 times in each time seems to take a  longer but at last it is updated to the last version now the uploading 4 videos takes too long almost 30 minutes to load one video and its only 1min 47sec. Why is that????   :*(
Doesn't stay open long enough to use it since upgrade to kitkat. Don't dare try to look at comments or a picture! Because it wont let you!
The app won't close unless I force close it. Fix this or I will uninstall it
Toha
India
Facebook keeps me updated
At least answer when they give their opinion... Every time you update the app it makes my tablet say "not enough space for app" c'mon answer and tell me if you will do it or not -.-
Love it
Why a separate app for messages?
Uses lots of RAM...
Nice only . . . Good
I hated this app because it always crashed. Hope you can do about this matter or else, i will not use this app anymore.
keep logging me out
Jst f*k it....
yey
Not working at all! I've reinstalled twice!
Ever since an update to android and Facebook on my Tab 3 10.1, the Facebook app just crashes randomly a few seconds to a minute after opening when I try to do anything.  This app is completely and utterly useless on my tablet,  though it works fine on my galaxy s3 phone.  Need it to work properly on this device!!
This app is amazing I've already had it but still a good app
Why always updated this facebook?i cannot use it...
Nice app..........." pls add select & copy option..this option is nor available yet.
After update my samsung galaxy tab 3 to 4.2.2 android version , every time that i try to use facebook app, the apllication crash... i'll wait next facebook app update, in this moment is not possible use the application... :( the appllcation works correctly before abdroid update...
Facebook is facebook
Baigan
I have observed that when faceebook app is installed the battery drains pretty fast. Kindly look into it
I hate it I can't chat with my friends please fix it
File size is increasing day by day.
nice
I love facebook
Hate it! Hate it! Hate it! Every time I open the app it opens up Family Feud in the Google Play Store! So over it!
Its so crappy it won't load pictures and take a for ever to bring up my news feed

It so nice
Now facebook is good new modal nice
I can't download any app to my phone :-(:-(:-( 1st this has ever happened to me
when I go to scroll down it keeps closing out of Facebook, don't know what to do
This has been a very reliable and elegant app for social life lovers to connect to their near and dear ones. Regular updates makes it even more lovable. I'd rate it a five star from my heart. :)
I downloading, I not know this app good or no...
It
google
But doesn't load or sync anymore
It guets more weird and ugly pero n eu voc¨º polkeria
News feed does not show all posted. I am missing a significant amount of information on my feed and going to every group and individuals page is time consuming. Also the app does not close when backing out, it has to be force closed and thats just not cool. Please fix.
:)
The wonder and greatness of Facebook is fantastic. Its a great log in for a lot of games and other apps it makes it easy.
No opeb
Amazing app.....love this app a Lott...
No difference and too many updates should not give even a store they were just trying to slow the phone down and control were you  will see where you are
Like
Its facebook
Slows down phone immensely. Sucks.
Make me happy thank you bro.
Guys if you can afford a phone and want more space for apps, just get a samsung galaxy tab 3 or any samsung or apple tablet. Im guessing they have more memory space cuz I never get problems with my tablet. :P
Again! The new FB sucks! Sometimes it updates and sometimes it doesn't, I'm sick of sending you guys feedback and you'll never going to see it and when it finally updates after a while it just stops updating and I can't even comment or like something, it's really stupid! -_-
I downloaded this app on my Galaxy tablet and it almost never works adequately, every time I click on a picture, the app closes itself, the same happens when I try to comment on a post, and when I want to go to my Timeline. Horrible!!!!!!!!
Use full utility for connect to friends
I have 200 plus MB free of internal storage an this app can not update. I have to reinstall app almost all the time.
Every update consumes more space in my phone. Every update makes this app even worse. Everytime I'm using this app, it makes my phone run slow or it keeps crashing or not responding.
I took a month long break from Facebook. Now, I've had nothing but trouble getting my account to work again. It won't let me log in. I do not text, so that adds to the confusion !
ohhhhhh
Why SHOULD FB care about the "lower Percentile" who can't afford a $950 phone or even $500 when there's 75 million Ppl. who Keep Buying them every day???  Right FB??? REAL NICE!!  We'll believe You care when we STOP getting hit with your Stupid Updates every other month that Crash Our $350 Phones!! (but i'm not holding MY breath) Can you say GREED????
To put it simply: Stop wasting my phone's internal storage!
I love my hubby
Easy to use..a little bit laggy
You know, I freakin love this app! I really truly honestly do! What I dont like is how you freeze and then close yourself out. I know for a fact its not my tanlet cause I just got parts replaced. This needs to be fixed...
Very worst
Face book
I cant tap on anybodys name or page so i vamt get redirected to there page fix galaxy s4  v. 4.4.4
New update sucks!
Its ok
Stupid updates, not even worth opening. Your updates are lies it isnt more reliable and does not have improved speed. Everything other app loads quickly but this is just horrible.
It's okay.
Awesome
App keeps getting worse
Very simple and friendly to install
Just no
Love this app
Bad applecation
Best app ever!
So bad
Suck
Freezing up since recent update
Need alot of improvements
FB seriously needs to reintegrate FB Messenger back into the app
KEEPS CRASHING! ANNOYING
It makes my life easier
Use too much space!
Adorei
Can't post a new note, neither search hashtag.
It always force closes. If nothing happens on the next update im deleting the app
Its really a great app. But more to be improvised. Now I vl giv 4*
Mast hai
Better to use browser than using this app. Less data consumption
I like the new update becuase its easier to use. But the problem is, it forces us to close fb/not responding -.- and I hated it. Now, I never used fb without force closing it. Fix it
Life
Can be much more better....
Ever since the last few software updates this app sucks. I can't like someones post. I can't post a comment half the time. And the near location does not work anymore!! I only have issues when I use my mobile app. If I use desktop it works great. Please fix ASAP!!!!
I have to continually uninstall then reinstall so I can get updates after I log off. Someone needs to fix it!
June1946 , Great if I can remember password
nice
The fb alway prob in mobile plzz fix and when i download the memrory got full even i deleated all app but still and then i change gb card i put 16 gb card also come full memory read and plzz. Improve thnkzz
I can't really open this app. It consumes at least all of my internal memory.
Awesome
Slow/freezes often
Its nice not bad
His vI May Nexo mIx buzo mix
Good
Its so much better now:-)
Why a separate app for messenger?
So cute application it is..... For communication with friend,, the best one
More fun   social activites  and this aap get m update new of human
Since last 2 updates constantly crashes. Looking for an alternate app for FB . will uninstall all this app.
It always crashes
FB app has gotten slow and buggie... Sad, they should read The Mythical Man Month. AGAIN!
Face book is the beat social network in media
Nice apps.
All the app does is crash now! Contemplating deleting!
I can¡¯t log in..........an error newsfeed,why  why?????
Like it
Superbb
Helpfull
Facebook won't open
i cant install facebook on my phone . it just says duplicate authority etc?,.
Updates almost every week and taking my phone's memory. Please make it an option to move facebook to External Storage.
Bagus
love it
I love Facebook but daily updates seems boring , useless and cost data.
it wont load at alllll !!! ):
Lllll
Seems to work fine. No real issues.
It used to be a good app before the updates and now the app is ruin..you see whenever i would like to log out it will show that im logging out but actually im not and when i would like loggin in my facebook again..the screen would be black...fix it please..make it a better app
Since the update my Facebook hasn't worked properly. Wish Myspace had a app
Can't load my feed, can't load notifications? What happened to the good app?
Battery drain alert
Good morning
Keepsscrewing up get it right please
bisje
Facebook forever
Immacula1941io
Har 4 din bad update karte rahte ho tumhara dimag kharab hai kya tumhe pata in updates se mobile memory 1GB bhar gayi hai so please Don't update any more ullu de charkhe
True
Awesome app.....
Saya suka
After updating to latest version, photos is not loading or it loads very slowly. I want the older version. Please fix.
This is the worst app ever. As large as FB is you'd think we can get an app that doesnt crash every 10 mins.
It's awesome,  but I want it to be less  RAM, battery, and data consuming. Please do an update.
Mais coco
Its nothing less than amazing
Love it, have to much fun with everyone!!!
Awesome
Only download no think
It crashes all the time. I personally cannot share photos because the app doesn't recognize the photos and get crashed the same second.
this app getting worse and worse. I'm so disappointed now.
Good
I cannot use it anymore every time closes with itself I cannot post anything or write anything because it closes suddenly please fix it
like
This is nice beacuse u can do anything but only in login and logout so low i dont like
Keeps crashing after 5seconds every time I open it. Samsung
The issue I have with this app is how it wants to run my data or power out in the background when I'm not using it. Quit trying to be sneaky Facebook!
From awesome to worse
After updating the fb still active while i exit the application. Make my phone's exhausted so fast.
Superior
2 all my friend
Great ..
Facebook
Simply suxs set controls and they were overridden by Facebook that deleted personal photos and contacts.
Good
Really would love to see most recent in my news feed rather than top stories that are days old.
it has too many updates
Just please increase the loading speed of pages
New updated face book
Thanks to all these 'improvements' the app won't even open now and can't decide how much storage space it needs... come on guys really?
Best
Its the only social site that has   to made it easier for cellphone users .new and improved.
Is there any way I can send and receive messages without downloading messenger?
Just getting worst everytime
Just loved it.
Nice
Lovve it
Is there anyway to move this to the SD card 
....fags
It's pretty good
Since last update the images never load on the phone, fix that issue please.
this good apps
Love dis app soo much
Using a new samsung tab 3. Facebook Constantly shuts down!!!! PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM. There 's got to be something better out there.
It should be installed in less space and updates should be given at correct time instead of daily
People need to mind their own business
Extremely disappointed with this Crapp,I have deleted off both my phone and tablet.I am not alone in doing this,my friends and I are using google+,why can't a million dollar  company just leave something that was wonderful alone.I hope you don't end up like the dotcom companies of the past because of this failure.
Yes
Please, reduce the amount of space used by this.
Patit mahato
Videos keep freezing. app keeps force closing.
Why do we have to have messenger in order to text? Please change that.
Ever since the newest update fb is always freezing up.
10-25-14 Updated again still crashing and closing on my Samsung Galaxy S3.   FIX THIS ALREADY!!  Re-updated still closing...come on fix this already...9-23-2014 Since last update it just randomly closes when scrolling through the news feed. You need to fix this
It took forever to load it and not only that it say 19mb to start with..then its 79mb...my fone storage isn't that large for an android....too many upgrades ruined that experience for me
Likelike!
Doesn't work at all on my 10" Tab 3
Keeps crashing on me on my Samsung Tablet!  Loads and then crashes as soon as I start scrolling, try to comment, look at pictures. Very frustrating. Previously working fine but not anymore. Don't' know what updates did but it sure wasn't an improvement. Please please fix!!!!!
Mr.curry
In the new update it wants access to see what apps are running on my device, browser history & my bookmarks in my internet browser. Why?
Keeping up with family and friends that don't live by me is awesome!
Who doesn't love it
instagram photo refresh takes time to load in fb
Lov
Mast
Timeline only shows top stories, apps don't post to timeline. Just started doing this a couple days ago. Dumb!!!
Memang mantep
It has many updates,I'm also getting logged out :3
It takes no time in sending messages and pictures .We can express our views at world affairs in front of our friends .excellant app.
Excellent
Why is it when you ask for notifications of friends posts you don't get it?  You have to follow instead.
It slows down phone but you have to have it so much better when we could. Just go to sight and do are stuff now it is just adds and more adds
Why Ican't change my fb cover photo & why I should be download messangers to read my msgs ?? I don't like it
friends are like mirror handle them with care if its broken once its hard to repair still repairerd the crack is always there
Hang too much....too much space
Very good app
You guys do not need to be adding contacts to my phone am deleting facebook appear
Gotta have it, I guess... Good Facebook app, getting better.. Whatever
Quisiera que pesara menos por favor porq no hay mucha memoria ram en mi cel y no quiero borrar nada

Your new updates suck , all they do is crash.like the old version better
Everytime I try to use this app on my Galaxy Tab 3 it crashes. Try to open a photo? Crash. Try to open a comment section? Crash. Try to open a profile? Crash. Accidentaly scroll to a section of my news feed to make a video autoplay without sound? Crash. Uninstalled.
Won't refresh or load while connected via WiFi
Its affecting my phone this mb so very high mb please fix it please >_<
Constantly closing since the last update.
Was once a good app, but then Fb buried Most Recent, removed Messenger (and replaced w/a stand-alone that can't be turned off), and now is forcing user into a crappy built-in browser. Get bent, Zuckerberg.
Helper
It crashes when I press the button
This app eats up to 40-60 MB of RAM in the background. As a result slows down my device. This app should not need to use that much memory. Please fix in next update
This is the 3 rd time I have downloaded the Facebook app and every time I do it force closes. If not fixed soon I will delete and will not download again. Not also say it takes up way to much memory space .
I love it
After the wonderful update, it does nothing but crash....smh
Why is that i can't install this app.? What should i do?Please help me.
Crashes constantly on mySamsung tablet.  Unusable!
Im enjoyin ths app
Keep forcing close really need to fix.
The app keeps crashing when I click photos, scan my news feed and basically everytime I try to click something. Please fix because it's REALLY annoying. And the app takes more than 100 mb on my device-- it takes too much space... I hope you can fix this too..
Very nice
New version keeps crashing on my samsung tablet. I am uninstalling
Like
Sheikh G..
Really great app
Consumes too much space with every update
thnxx foh Mark Zuckerberg n his team to develop dis software/app. Really great app.
Force closes on notifications and friend requests
For a social network it's kinda lame
Cut/copy & paste option is missing..
I want to see current posts on my newsfeed not things that people have posted 5 hours ago. & why does it scroll back up by itself?
I love this this fb can call my mom thats why i love this  fb
S4
It's lame. Keeps logging me out when I'm use. WHAT THE HELL FB????
Great
It's outrageous that i am forced to use this app by Facebook, every app I download slows down my phone a little bit more, and removes a little bit more free space. Not to mention the privacy concerns. Facebook should go back to allowing you to use one app for everything and allow you to at least have the choice of using this app, let us message on the site through the normal Facebook app again instead of this crap.
Close while on it! I try to open it and then it shutdown.
It's easier than anything else
Keeps tell me to log in but wont let me.
Isaa male kan biraa hinjiru
Bad software
Sometimes it's impossible to get back to my notifications. I'll click it and click it, and it'll only take me to the same notification over and over instead of showing me the list of them. I've been using the website more than I have the app because it's annoying as hell. Please fix this.
Never opens the first time!
I have used this and the last few versions. Still buggy. Blackberry version is still much better. I wish I could reply to emails thru texting. I would like real time updating. at least there is mobile chat that is a plus. bBt this is still the best app for an android out there.
The new update run slowest!!..I guess all SMRT phone user needs this application...I need this application for my games!!..pls fix this!!..the older version is way better.. Now it onl let me log in..then nothing happen..it keeps loading and nothing happens zzzzzzz
Go figure...another update and another problem...always something!
Erfuerto ¨¨fjnd
Change  My Picture
Up until a couple of months ago u could view videos. Now it says sorry can't view. Please fix this soon.
At least it works
Give us the option to change font size in app. App overrides systems font size.
The app doesn't load photos on your wall and you can't see anyone's pictures.
I can't even get recent post on my newsfeed, Im seeing stuff from 2 hour ago..
It slows up your phone !
Good
So good
It makes the world tiny and connected. Extra privacy/security features will be appreciated.
I hardly understand how can the app which is so popular be so non-userfriendly.
love it
I love this app
It was great I have no problem to find my friends. On the Facebook.
I LOVE IT
Good
Always crashing on my samsung tablet for about a month now.  Anyone got ideas?
It always shuts down
Awsome
jit
This keeps crashing on my new NuVision tablet
Keeps Crashing.
It rocks you get to see your messages right away
If de reason 2 update dis application is 2 make it SLOOOOOW or nt 2 Opppppen @ all de u've succeeded.!!!! Stop dis updates PLZ
I hope this is great application
Trying to log in and saying just a moment for the whole day were 0 ahhhh
Sonuyartera
Hiii..
Its too slow it freezes..i uninstalled it now it wont install. Im over it
I try to download it over play store but does not let me. ): ):
Cant maneuver
Please fix this app .. :(
Keeps asking me to log in everyday.! Why ask to remember device in the security settings when you are asked to log in  everyday regardless .  And keeps asking me about data rates when im already on unlimited data
I changed the setting to not sync my Facebook contacts with my phone contacts but it keeps automatically changing it back.. every time I check my contacts list it has synced my Facebook contacts even tho I have changed the setting not to. Very frustrating..please fix this
If u dont use messenger it crashes every 2 minute
new update is horrible doesn't properly load pictures.
Bored of clearing the colossal amount of data being stored by this app. Stopped using it until sorted
Everytime i open  this application with latest update the message appear saying facebook is not responding...
I use FB on my Tab 3 and lately it crashes as soon as i open it. I uninstalled then re - installed it, same thing.
The app keeps kicking me off when i try to look at my friends pages!... works fine on my iphone.  I only have this problem on my galaxy tablet....FIX IT PLEASE!!!
Jose   PlNeDa
I love face book!
Isn't compatible with my phone :(
Love it!!!!
Let me be able to contact my family and friends xx
Amazing I get to talk to my family and friends
Superbe
AWESOME
Great app, allows me to chat with friends who moved away. ''Love it.''
When we using app we can't to creat list Friends. Why?
Issues seem to be fixed...thank you!!
new update is very bad I can't see any posts
Sawed arebey
Its kiking me out
Afrizzel
People are going mental about Messenger having all access to their phones yet they ignore the fact that Facebook app does exactly the same thing, and all these daily updates...
ok
When I click on the icon it does nothing...will not take me to fb...I had to go to the playstore and get on fb from there...it started happening after the last two updates...before that it was shutting dow while I'm in the middle of something on fb...
Good
Keeps crashing in middle of posting or anything
Nice

Love it
Can't comment anymore by hitting the "+" sign, plus it switched sides and covers the profile pics. Weird choice ...are Jr high kids running this show
Read above. End of story. Fix it. It's not just my device either - I just so happened to switch devices when this was affecting my Galaxy Note 2, and it's affecting me here.
Some feeds and notifications are not fast updated.
Photos not shown
Principalmente com relacao ao feed. Pessimo.
It's awesome!!!!! That is all I have to say. It's AWESOME!

I love facebook
Last update removed the function which allowed webpages to be opened in FB's internal browser. Please add back!
Gut
The fact that I have to download a separate app to access my Facebook messages is stupidity at its highest level. I'm sorry, but why am I going to download an entirely separate application for my phone when I can just downgrade to an older (and better) version of facebook?
Oh
Loved it
A
Love. It make kill the time! While waiting...
Ok
Use to be better.
It takes a lot of storage data
Could be better without all the freeze ups and stalling my phone. Less updates please
It keeps closing on my Tab 3 :-(
Hang
Not loading feed on wifi or 4G.
Doesn't work on samsung devices
When you're bored Facebook is great!!!
Keeps freezing all the time and have to keep restarting my phone very annoying
I loved it..
it's fast...
Crashes constantly. Requires aa second app for messages yet still alerts the messages through the app that can't read them. Using a mobile device's web browser is a better way to utilize Facebook but then some features are gone. Fix the bugs and allow messaging again and the rating will change.
Keeps crushing
Ok
Where is it
It's skux ow
Thanks for the app.its user friendly
Does what it says it will do
Best shot...
Fb kicks me out as soon as I click on a remark or link after I did firmware update. It makes me mad
Facebook app
Ever since i updated it i cant see videos that my friends post on facebook this is so irritating please fix the problem and i will rated 5 stars
The update didn't mention any links you click on will open a FB browser which I have no obvious immediate control over.
I am so close to uninstall this app closes suddenly and the news feed is annoying again seeing posts from days ago before posts from minutes ago please fix this and also the size off app and you have to take messenger app also is double the space all I say is WHY?????
chaves
134
So tht I can chat wif my frends, play games, post stuff and other stuff. :3
I have my flowers but it won't let me check my Facebook
jad fony 5
I have so much trouble with Facebook , do some improvements !

Great way to talk to friends am family
When scrolling my timelime it will snap scroll ALL the way back to the top on its own and with no warning or forceclose and restart the whole app... turning notifications off from a post you liked or commented on doesnt work, I still recive a notification for each and every person who comments. They took away the feature "messages" from this FB app and moved them to their horrible messenger app. So now you are forced to install another app on your device if you want to continue to veiw or send any messages.
Nice
Jessi0912
Its just awosome
Notification Facebook is not working after last updated  what can i do
50 mb
Yea
Update application,now no pictures appear on links only blank with headings
Since the last updates cant even get in.Perfectly good apps f#ckd up when this happens.If it aint broke,dont fix it!
cant open. force closed. fix it
It crushes all the time is not good anymore I hope it can be fix soo
Thanks
Like app
Abdo
Good
Yay
Really good app just sumin to mess on really I don't like the new when u watch a video thing it comes up with who likes it no one really looks at that take it away and stop with updates all the time only update when u got something big to put on it
love it
Superb
This fb stuff going doing hill #Upgrade
When hash tagged something and want to see what other posts have the same hashtag.  It sais trouble loading.  FIX IT
Every update claims the same sh!t, "improvement in speed and reliability" and still remains the same slow garbage.
Slow
It's all good.....
Its. Getting log,and hanging.  I'm so desapointed.  
MJHNMJHN
It is saying no space and I deleted everything to get it and it still says I need facebook
Good
Where's the widget?
My account keeps force closing on it's own and it makes me so angry because I cannot like or share photos or stories.
New update slowing last comment is the worst idea ever. Hate the new layout now.
I can't upload pics or status on my facebook without this app my
Thnks
waah
Why is there so many updates? And such crap in my news feed!
I like to use
Amazing
I really hate it that we have to install messenger it takes up space in my phone :(
Where do I start?  Well it's slow and makes the phone freezes doesn't help when it updates slower than Eva updated vision is just crap
You should make it so you can send gifs in a message and post them on your wall!
Son father
Facebook force closes for no reason since Samsung's recent software update. This problem has not been fixed. I'm uninstalling it, it just keeps crashing.
Lubaba
Too much space scram
It would be lovely if fb didn't use as much data as it does. It's a real piggy in that dept.
ur last 3 update is piece of sheet..
This updated version continues to freeze up and there is nothing to do but uninstall and reinstall....I'm done with it!!
I cannot upload a single photo without the app crashing!  Other apps can post to Facebook no problem.  Fix this!
Enjoy it
awsme
Very good to navagate
I enjoy this app, it works well, I get what I need from it, nothing more, nothing less, and I'm really not bothered about needing a seperate app for messages, but seriously though, why does it crash over and over again preventing me from writing status', commenting, or looking at mine and others' profiles? It's appalling that after 3 or 4 updates, this problem is still not solved, please sort this out asap.
My thing because it's dramma.
92 mb AFTER they removed messenger? I am also glad I have Pemissions Denied so that I can control what this app sees and does with my phone and data; it is massively privileged for no reason!
Says waiting for server
I like fb
Trouble loading newsfeed so can't look at anything or post. Cleared cache, logged out and logged in again and it worked. Unless I do this every time I open the App it doesn't work. Also still stays running in background after I close it.
I used to love facebook...that is until it started crashing and freezing and not loading pics and info!!! Wtf facebook...im just about done with you!!!
Need to improvement
I'm amazed by it
Its the superb app
Asap chat
Shuts off while looking at post on Facebook.  Unreliable
Yeah
cant open messages on app without installing messanger and basically signing away your privacy, so close to leaving fb altogether.
There's always an ERROR !! Reload very slow !! Boring !! Offfffff MUCH WORSE THAN EVER
I'm actually pretty tired of all the times I've had to force close this app. Unnecessary updates maybe??
Interesting0
Won't let me play odd socks so bye Facebook lol
Facebooj
..of course it is the best of the best!!
I have enough space on my phone but it won't let me install it, comes up with error code "-42"
I like this apps
Good
This app takes in so much memory!  You need to reduce the ammount of memory used in this app. This makes my phone so slow after using this !
It's a spy embedded in your mobile
Just like everyone else the app keeps closing before i have even looked at it.
Previous posts on my timeline are missing only while using this app! Photos, status updates, and other information is not being shown on my profile when I personally shared it! Very upsetting Facebook decides what they want you to share. #wheresmyposts
Cool but its some how general missing things
Telling me I need to update I just got yesterday
Good
Love
Works great on tablet. Love me facebook

I Do NOT Like This Version. It Takes Up Too Much Space! Why Is It Over 106 MB?
Its great except it sucks wheni. Have to download messenger
Good
I just updated this on my phone and now I can't watch videos. It plays about 2 seconds than stops and force closes.
Facebook still insists on showing the top posts (i.e. older posts) even after most recent is selected. Not a deal breaker but VERY annoying nevertheless.
Ummmmmmm
Nice
Geat
I loved the update
I think that facebook is a good network to have. And to socialize on.
Would like it just fine if it worked hit wrong button now I'm f book offender ;(
Freezes up and says that it's not responding
Love facebook
Its The Same As Its Always Been Nothing New!
I have always believed that if you value privacy so much what the hell ya doing on FB. I have accepted that. However, every addition of permissions get me closer to deleting this app.
Great app and quick :)
The best
The only problem I have with this app, would be its large size. My phone only has 1GB of internal memory, and this app takes up more than 100MB of data. I don't have room for other apps, nor can I update apps. If this app was movable, that would free up a lot of space. Other than that, the app runs pretty good on my phone.
Reinstalled the app thinking it would fix but content fails to load. Images, thumbnails, video.. its blank. Just shows the name or title. Using LG G2. Please fix it. It's very irritating.
I take it back. I'm still being forced to download messenger
Helps improve speed.
New updates stink!
ecxllent
App won't close. Even after exiting the app, it's still running. I have to force close it. Seriously considering uninstalling. Twitter is better anyway.
It would be better if we choose photos by gallery or folder NOT by random in( commenting in groups)..
Achi app ha
I dont like the one too many request by the measenger app.  I should be able to access the occasional message as I did before.
Davies
Love it
Fast
Amaziiiiiing
POISON!!!!?? WAT THE FUK
Very good
Every time i go in it closes on me affer a few seconds. I have Uninstalled it a few time and installed it again and it doesn't help. What dan I do to fix this?
Polly
Useless on my Galaxy TAB3 since last update. Freezes and keeps closing on me. In my opinion a total waste of time... will be using web access from now on. Why did you go and fuck things up?
Ever since you can't message people, it's become so inconvenient! Facebook takes up so much memory on its own. And now you have to download ANOTHER app to message anyone? Forget it.
It a very poor app. If u try to log on, it will delay u more than ten minute before it will come' setting up facebook which also take more than one hour.
Constantly running in the background now, draining the battery!
not bad on computer but not good in hp because sometimes it is lagging
Not working
After upon updates upon updates, the pictures still takes long to download and status doesn't always goes through the first time even having an excellent wifi signal. Please fix.                                                                                    UPDATE: it now forecloses a lot when viewing videos on my tab. Still rating it 1 star
How do I change it to show most recent in my news feed rather than popular? I need to be able to do that or I'll stop using the app...I don't want to see the same old posts over and over again from days ago! Also, now contact sync has disappeared from the app :-|
This app is not only extremely slow but also doesn't load half of anything. I wish I could just delete the stupid thing from my phone but due to the type of phone I have it is one of the few apps I can't delete. You think being such a popular social media outlet it would work a lot better. Yeah right.
I don't want to click "like or share" and have something pop up every time! It's starting to make me mad!
OK la Dari xd
Mem hog and crashes so much. Also crashes a lot. 
Why is the size relatively big ?
Its great
This is fast
Seem to be too busy for nothing. It's failing to imprees
Won't load half my pictures in my feed new update sucks..
Loveing it.
Facebook, I shall be logging in less each day, horrible choice.
It now continuously runs in the background, which consumes my battery so quickly. I'm close to the point of uninstalling.
But it so slow loading
Since the last update my activity log is not working.  :(
Fashionhyos
How dare you force your user by stop messaging function in Facebook app? How dare you force your royalty people to move to your new f_cking resource-hog msg app?  No way!
It's very good application I like it
Sweet
Drains my battery.  Often I have to press 'like' three and four times for it to stick.  I press like and it stays for a second or two and then resets.  Incredibly annoying.
Profile pictures do not match the name of person.
This is better to make new friends
Having to install another app to read messages is nonsense. Also, I'm sick of being notified of people's statuses and birthdays who I never talk to. It's obvious that Facebook is just trying to garner a few extra bucks by exploiting their users.
Nyc
Down load not working today
So glad you put the post and menu options back on the main feed! I hated having to go back every page to find them. Made it harder to navigate quickly one handed.
Not
ram usage on facebook and ram usage on messenger the result??my phone always hang...you think all people in the word can buy high speed phone??make sense amigo...
Consume a lot of data bro
Facebook is awesome...that is all.
BULLARD
No ART support yet?
It takes about 15 minutes for my photos to load.
What's new, ????
Slow and keeps forceclosing :(
Y its take so much time nd mb
Really bad since a recent update. Keeps turning off all the time. Cant message without it crashing the nhave to go back on to log out. No problem before. Fix please!
I love facebook
I'm happy
Awful, can't load my news feed. I just want to delete facebook!
This *crash* spy *crash* ware *crash* app *crash* is * crash* total *crash* garbage *crash*.......
And rolling.
Wtf? It remains active in the background even after closing it. Please fix it guys
This app is awesome

Nice
It's ok i will manage it
that is not better than....
How is it possible to just call it an app ?! Heavy and long to run ! Even with a good phone !!
Great
Uses too too much memory
Why doesn't the news feed show me all of my friends status's? Also turning off notifications function in the app has now been removed, why?!
Sip
It takes too many memory
Can u PLEASE fix it where my timeline is in order? I hate having to scroll way down to find current posts.
Inbox is better than messenger application for older versions of android. I am using HTC Incredible S with 512 mb RAM.
Hacdbfnfbdncj
Just downloaded . . .
Crap so slow
App is ruined now
Force closes every time i open it, without fail. Even when it does work the moment i try to post or share anything it force closes.
Hey will drive down now is thing for friends g network performance management solution providers
Hate it.

No comment's  Y
It's a good app to connect with friends
The messenger sucks.. Return messages to the FB app 
the thumbnails of my friends that is their icons or tiles are not opening . even in the messenger its completely white on the circular space where their profile picture is to be displayed
You are really making me download an app monitored by the nsa? Nope!
Great uses alot of battery but an awesome app no problems with it
New versions are slower than before. Watch about it.
Horrible start in the beginning, but things have slowly come together. Bug issue is us users having to download the messenger app to have chats on Facebook. That's my biggest complaint. If the Messenger app and Facebook integrate again, I'll give five stars. Until that day comes, three stars for you.
Awsome I love this app yeah!!!!
Samsung Galaxy Note 2
App will open & force close every time. Please fix! Galaxy Tab3 10.1
Brilliant
Social media... Duhhh
This app is super cool because you can communicate with others
New way of f.b on smartphones makes me crazy....idk but notifications wont get on time developer will have to fix this
Fun
Why update something that works. Now I cant even log on
I miss tons of friends posts! Even when I set it "Most Recent" it's still not in order and I see posts from a day or so prior that I missed. I used to check my Facebook all of the time but now I hardly go on.
So slow since update, rubbish
I hate apps that track everything you do. I have Facebook just for family and I hate the fact that I have to have the app on my phone just to upload a picture. I hate Facebook with a passion yet I have to have it to play any internet game or share a stupid picture. I'm glad they know everything about me, makes me feel good to know they can look thru my camera at anytime just cause they can. Blah.
An update everyday??? What a waste
Lol its ok
Getting worth with every update moreover why we have to download facebook messenger then it's really big and too slow
Many times I am logout while doing chat and using Facebook and this is working very slow plz improved u r version. Older version is better than new version plz provide older version ya improved u r this version
Okay
It is ok
Mine  does not  want  2 work
Good
For almost 2 weeks now constant crashing after passing a few posts everytime I get on. I scroll through anywhere from 10-20 posts then it just stops scrolling and shuts the app down. I have uninstalled and reinstalled to many times. And I don't like that I have to waisted more space on my phone for messages.
It is too slow
Mie no lobing want no mang download ing
I love it I hate when people blame it all on Facebook. If you have a  problem with what I say text me .
Love it
sexx
It keep kicking me out, what the freak is going on
Takes up too much space
Aalllaww
ok
I dont like it      it requires a lot of updates so covers lot of space
Like most, i use the facebook app daily, sometimes more. The app is so much more convenient than logging in to the website. I like that i can now creat albums easier when up loading photos.
Keeps freezing and shutting down...HELP
Love the app...and I would of gave 5 stars but I didn't because it takes up to much space in storage
:(
Working verry bad :(( on lenovo k900
Love it!!
I don't liked it.
What should I do? It always crashed whenever I use it. My samsung galaxy note 2 just got reset but still it crashed!
Hate it always

Keeps growing and growing and stops working enexpectedly.
at asus zen5.. connection error
goes so slow and I always have to disconnect from my wifi in order to update my timeline or send messages
Hello..
It doesn't make any sense to have a brand new looking fb everyday. It seems as though you are trying to distract us from the crappy service by making the site look good with face value. Pictures won't upload, page freezes, crashes at random. Fb is becoming one of my least used apps. Not only do I want to delete the app itself, but any affiliation of the app completely disinterest me. Smh!
App won't close after leaving!
Nice.
Doesn't load pictures all the time. Have to on Web browser.
the more update, the more storage occupied
Like it
This works great on my nexus4, but was running very slow on my prev galaxy y phone as the app is huge now. It will be great if "unfollow" link is added to this mobile version for the posts which we comment on. Then it deserves 5 stars. Pls implement this.
Nice app
Niceeee
Good
Working so good before the update now it s slow and all the time "Facebook has stopped working""!! UnINstall!!!! Why do you call it update if it's worse?
When ever I try to check FB app it crashes within 30 seconds when I try and look at anything using the app.
Too slow
Forever
Yummy!
¡ï¡ï
Facebook
Czzz I CNT snt msg DAT s yyy orr othrwse its 9c
Omg SO SLOW. I CAN'T EVEN REFRESH MY PAGE.... I can't use Facebook anymore bc it won't work.
Htc
Loving it
Ever since the last update the app will not open on my phone or my Ipod.
ayub
Don't like how it stays as an active app in the background.
Mast

This new version sucks. I see status updates and other news feed items from random times throughout the week. Others I don't see at all. And what's with the mandatory messenger download and auto updating my feed? I keep losing posts I was reading because my feed updated automatically. The Facebook app has taken a turn for the worse.
Makes us download messenger and takes up to much space also slow
Keeps force closing on me when trying to see my home page. Must fix
Love fb.
only that it consume space so why not make it light on space
Ok
Updating photo is hell right now.   Why the heck now don't I have choices to choose a specific folder of the photos I wanna update?  You force us to pull up thousands of picture up all at once and expect us to choose the right one if we're lucky!?
This thing is good, but can't say excellent. Needs bug fixes for Android Lollipop final preview build. This and Facebook Messenger, keep on closing time to time, which is highly irritating. Needs improvements. Please fix it.
I hate this new upgraded-version. Why FB plays every video clips automatically. My old phone doesnt have enough space to play them. So its blocked out so many times. It's also wasting my data so much.
Not bad
This app frequently updates itself, booting you to the top of the news feed. Usually after scrolling at length, then pausing to read something. BOOM, back to the top, have fun finding that thing you were reading. Inconvenient interruption. Total nuisance.
And steal ur monies
Its like a pain to use Facebook in mob now for the last few days.don't like it.worst ever.
b
Good
Good application
I cant even connected to my messenger on galaxy s3
Keep logging me off of Facebook so many update ruining the apps its annoying!
So the latest update makes you use facebooks own browser!!! It's terrible! The Facebook app is terrible!
This appp is very good u know all app are bad for chat but this is good
Good Work
It keeps force closing!
This app is good but it's dangerous if your any age under 18 don't get on it
Awsome
Since this latest update I couldn't use my Facebook app anymore coz it wouldn't open...
I love you
It keeps me in touch w my boo
Dont enjoy the fact that the app stops working and Im forced to constantly update.
i have a proplem with the facebook when log in to my account the facebook works fine until it crash from it self and the pictures does not appear make an update to fix this and i will give you 5 stars
Worship
Good.(y)

Its a great app. It allows  to be able to talk to people. Put what we think Or share wonderful moments of our life's.
Facts
Cannot refresh update on wifi
Soooooo slowwwwww
Great
Sab bakwas
Its better than it was this update
It sucks I only use browser because this app sucks
Takes up way too much space for a start. Too many updates with no improvements.                            Pleaseeeeee!!!!!...when someone mentions you in a comment, whyyy...WHY can it not bring you to that comment like it does on the computer...i have to scroll through 6295 comments to see what someone has said to me in a comment under a picture. Pleaseeeeeee fix this, it is so irratating!!!!!!!!!
When refreshing it will not update anything. Will rate higher when fixed.
Jalal123
JAKO LOSE SRAMOTA Sranje zivo
After each update you think it would be better but its slower and wont refresh fed up is an understatement
Donwlond fast
It keep stoping
Cool
Akhri he bhaye
Need more than 5minutes to open
Too much control
It;s ok
I can't click on names of users or pages to open them - have to use search.
Very good
This stupid app lags even on my Mi3.
Every time it's time for an "update" I have to uninstall it, then reinstall it for it to work. And if any other app needs to be updated, I have to uninstall this app for everything to work...it's really annoying. It's also pointless to have a separate app for messages! It only takes up more room on my phone!!!
If you enjoy giving out useless permissions and fighting glitches in every aspect of the app.... make sure you down load "facebook".!!! what a waste of free! PS...I hate it!
Lagged
Lovely
Best   app
It's stupid for 5 reasons...                   1.) When I get a new notification, it won't show me what it is.                 2.) It drains my battery, even when I don't use it, and it runs on its own.   3.) Why force me to use messenger?                                         4.) Videos won't play. They lag, freeze then excit out saying "unknown error".                                 5.) It's too big of an app.
Freezes, logs out.
Nice
Takes more space in my tablet
Tooo much time have to wait the application starting!!"
Confusion
simple to use.
Poor since update. Have to force close it all the time as it stays open
Hi
The app will not stop crashing on my galaxy tab 3. Please resolve this issue
what else there to develop..
FACEBOOK
I can see what my friends are doing by seeing their post and communicate with them !
I love have been for years. Love keeping up.  With old friends and family.
V 19. Xxx Crashing on tab 3 10.1. Downloaded v 15. Xxx  work fine. Auto updates off. Multi bilion $ company cant get its app right. Embarrassing.
Ilove it
After updating it ... its keeps on crashing... sick of these useless updates!
Fix it
Love pictures
very good.Thank you
Ambur
I suppose we have to adapt to change but...why make it so there's a comment preview? Just seems like a pointless feature to me.
What happened???always error news feed loading.....:-/
Kailash
Perfectly Working
And.....it's broken.
You should be able to choose in news feed for most popular and most recent
Geeta
I love it this facebook
G O O D   Appppppp
Marvellous
It is very slow process
2
Love it
nice
Nop
Doesnt let me uninstall
How about just binning this app altogether Facebook Devs and make a new app better than this piece of unstable junk.
Love it, HATE that u have to have the messenger to get ur inbox messages thriugh this app!!!!!! Need to change that!!
Can't view the picture on news feed and it has becomes extreme slow when feeding news feed after upgraded. PLEASE do something on this or give us back the old version.
Great app.
Marvelous application
THE LATEST VERSION IS REALLY BAD, IT TAKE A LONG TIME TO LOADING PLEASE FIX AND I WILL GIVE YOU 5 STARS BACK !!!
It workes perfectly
Good. Very good. Indeed
PLS TELL US WHY IT ALWAYS UPDATE... Thank You!
Vilims
Adult most wanted fb...
Why is that after the installation its always been replied "This file has a bad manifest." I badly needed facebook. I can't install it!! Please check it
Why so many updates?
Nice app
Why do I need another app that takes up more memory and uses more battery???
Terrible app.keeps kicking me out
Lalchan sarker
Hanumanth998934 o
Excellent
Should be the default setting on the News Feed instead we have to hit 'More' and scroll down to most recent every single time we open this app!! So annoying!
I restarted the app and my phone many times and still get a "setting up" message and it goes no further.
For example, it still can't detect a link to an FB profile.. Simple things make the 80, the rest make the 20.
Facebook
I work in Dev Ops and I can imagine your android dev team cant see what its like for the average user. This app makes my phone so slow i can hardly use it.  Im using my global dual sim phone while I travel.  You guys are causing problems for lots of people who use facebook to communicate.  Thanks!
Ble la
Force closes !!!! Won't reload.

Nice but some time problem with sign in
Crashes all the time..  so inconvenient.. freaks me out!!!
Loved it
God joby
Its Work slowly, when i open ,close, search something, ew feeds load slowly. Plz set this problems
It won't let me see my profile or my strava activities!
Rockingly amazing
Good bye
Feed auto refresh sucks, install size, forcing to use another app for messenger. On and on
Goood
What the hell did you do Facebook lol its worse than ever it constantly crashes and unreliable and it's sucks. Galaxy note II
It's k but fb messenger was gud
Too long to load.
Reminiscences
I dont like this anymore because i need to install messenger app first before i can send messages. I hate the new updates of this app. Can you please explain to me why we should install the messenger app before we can send msg?
Nice and very profitable
The videos won't stop freezing and that causes my whole tablet to freeze and shut down. I rarely go on it anymore cause of that.
Cram
What the f, facebook!? Can't even do anything because it keeps force closing every few minutes. Better off uninstalling this.
It's funny we all complain about the camera issue with messenger while we already gave access on this app
On the go even with out Internet  it keeps every thing on there
chand gi
Help plus
Lishev epederas
It just wont work please fix.....

App keeps closing within seconds of opening it! Fix it!!!!!
V good aap
waste
nice
I dont like it! But I have to use it >"<
Not sure what the problem is but this runs my data and battery smooth out!
Sayan
Eats too much internet memory
Super
It takes a lot of data n memories. I will login from mobile web instead of this applocation. Thanks for such a hardwork, I'm done using it.
Cool!! Could meet my friends on Facebook!
Joining people
Good and very easy
This is not a good

Kalo alla einai pio argo apo to palio.
it would be great if i could open the Fu**ing app !! sick of all the updates
good
Awesome
News feed keeps crashing,it updates ridiculously frequently, freezes often,advert city,spammer attacks over and over again,facebook,for Gods sake,bring back the old style,it's crap now.
There you go!!! 5 stars!!! Nothing more to ask!!
Better on iOS
It slows my other apps down, but it's tolerable for convenience
K
...why won't you believe me?  broken since last update.
Very best
All of a sudden it does not work on my tablet. Error loading newsfeed keeps popping up and if/when it does work...it takes pictures like 7 mins to actually load. Get your crap together facebook.
On my sony xperia e1 i download it a few time but it does not download. What happen? Please fix this ASAP
Keeps logging me out! Hate it
I like it
Nice one facebook
Everything I try to reload it keeps saying error. Hate the new update Fix it soon
Jumps all over!!
Very good
This update says I am logged out why
Good
Nourman
It drives me crazy that as I am looking through and reading my news feeds and it refreshes and takes me all the way back to the top automatically. I was in the middle of reading or about to make a comment and the feed reloads and I have to go all the way back to where I was. That's if I can find it again. Makes me not want to get on fb at all. A big hassle.
Its best for samsung galaxy y duos.... Enjoying all area in the software....
seriously needs the ability to tag pages when writing posts like web. It doesn't work.
Daka
Satisfying
Most recent stories mode restored. Much happier.
Why is so many updates every two days?
It's ridiculous how many gigs Facebook and messenger use. It eats up everyone's data and no one is pleased. Not to mention that you could be combining the updates into a biweekly pack. I'm tired of having to ignore all the updates because I know that when I do finally decide to run the updates I will have to uninstall and reinstall Facebook and the Messenger app. Combine the two apps, make them consume less data, and combine updates and I'll have a lot more positive things to say.
Asking
I hate Facebook anymore. I'm un installing now.
Great
Slow
Notification showing in the message tab, but after going to the message tab its not getting loaded/refreshed.
Very reliable
Best app
Best
ek no
ITS MORE FUN TO CONNECT MY FRIENDS IN DIFFERENT COUNTRIES..GOOD JOB
I am with my frinds at anytime anywere
Nice application
Bad. Plz fix it . Every thing is bad
Best mode of communication
So, lately with this app it only works with my 4G on. If I try to connect with Wi-Fi networks it doesn't load anything. Please fix this, you're wasting my data plan.
It shows notification in status bar for messages that are already read on web   Only unread messages should be loaded....
The new update is so slow, my news feed will not load up
It movd al msgs into messngr..so to jst us fb we hav to use 2aplcn its nt much efectiv..
dei enada app idhu... wathaa dead slow da......
Suprb
Average
This app is plain horrible, always has been. The updates don't ever help at all. I'm sticking to using Seesmic. And I've tested this app with multiple android phones including the Galaxy Nexus, DINC, HTC Rezound, Samsung Galaxy S3, HTC Droid DNA, and Samsung Galaxy Note 3 on the latest ROMs as I am a rooted user. Uninstalled
My fave app
Keeps updating, instead of getting better every updates the opposite happen. What's is that it consumes a lot of RAM Memory, this could possibly lead to affecting all of the devices function. I agree with what every else has to say with this app. The developers have to work something out in dealing with this or else UNINSTALL!
Looks.great my LG G Pad 8.3
These last couple of updates have been absolute pains and annoyances. If you're reading a post and there are "new stories" available, the app with either stay where it is OR go to the start of the new stories, tablet or cell, your choice. Quite frankly, I'm getting fed up with this and will now start suggesting Google+ to my family and friends, not that Facebook and Zuckerberg care.
I have a Lg Motion from over 2 years ago works great on it. you people bashing it must have phone issues
Please make it clear it force closes etc during chat !!
Old one was better
This app keeps glitching on me
Superb
Thank for you...!
Tx
App is good but I m missing my notifications
Useless APP on Android, crashes and closes every time. Terrible
Good...
This app is wonderful
Good
I can take to my friend
The new update came and now the links don't open in chrome but instead some attached app that keeps taking me to a phishing site flash player that wants my number.uninstalled it.
This new update doesn't let me log out an my news feed doesn't doesn't wanna load it keep saying error news feed
I had to uninstall it and Install it again so i could check my messages and its okay but its kinna slow ever since the upste i give it a 3 because sometimes it wont let me post things but becaus it ca work better. Please fix it.
Great
I love it
Good
The news stream is pretty much worthless now. I don't want to search for most recent news. Top news is great but recent is best. I barely use Facebook because of the changes. I would delete this off my phone if I could. Garbage app. Need to work on Google wear compatibility. Add wear capability.
Dood
Links to webpages from the app do not work at all anymore.
I am forced to keep this piece of crap app on my phone. It's no good.
As comparison to other it's Best
1st) Should be much more lighter and less resource consuming. 2nd) messaging should be included
Ever since the last 3-4 updates the fb app just got slower and consumes more and more space
Rt
Now join u connected over member
Good working
Good
Longhair
sunkari
No
Love it
it is a very good app quick but it takes up lots of data and storage  . It really needs a button so we can save videos thought that is only the downfalls but good
Love this app
So many updates but its the same still slow.
Plz stop that updates plz
Terrible app never works
New update is worst
Fix this please always not responding and always close suddenly
Ok, I guess. I prefer to just visit the site.
It keep kicking me out
App takes to much data
Since the update I cannot click any links to other facebook pages from mobile. If I click on someone's name in my newsfeed it just stays there.  Runs slowly also.
WORST UPDATE EVEEERR!! I hate the new look it looks older and shittier. AND THE WORST THING IS IT DOESNT STAY ON MOST RECENT. which is soo confusing i keep forgetting and am unable to keep up with whats gong on in my world in real time! ITS BEEN YEARS WHY CANT U GUYS JUST MAKE IT WORK RIGHT????like cmon really??!!!
Plz faster than even more
hello
Love it
good work
Very good
Super
Never
How many time I need to update. Updating everyday
Good
As soon as i open it it turns off.... its really pissin me off...
Options for reply of a comment and use of stickers in comments make it awesome. Feel like I'm using fb from PC, with more convenience. 1star deduction for slow speed and hanging issues.
Rate this app
I hated the amount of space it took up
Taking tooooo much space and made the device very slow fix it
Pasalamanasa
Couldn't make it simple I have uninstalled your app and I hope you do the same for me delete me from Facebook please please please

Lovee
Bad application.
It wont even deserve 1star
it is good app
Hated it
Improve it
Now it is called an app
Well done now get it fixed you morons, why can't you assholes just leave the app alone, it doesn't need updates, it was fine the way it was!
Nice app
Has been doing much better.. However I just had to uninstall then reinstall just to get it to work because it froze up. Might have a big or two in the new update..? I'm still having to uninstall or restart my phone from it freezing up. I'll keep taking a star off until this is fixed.
Disappointing that the app stays running when I exit by "backing out" meaning it stays running until force it to close. This shouldn't be needed by any app.
Cheriel
Ok
FACEBOOK IS VVVVERY GOOD AAP.
K
Can't seem to edit posts made in a group.
Free call service is very poor
Ok screw your stupid updates. Stop updating the app I can't report or unfollow or turn on and off notifications on posts anymore. I cant search in a group for someone. And it takes longer to open and load everything. It's slower all over. If this keeps up I'm uninstalling and sticking with the internet-based Facebook.  FIX IT OR IM OUT!!!!!!!! Oh and I can't share anything anymore wth!!!
Need to fix it and to consume less space
Its working superb and enjoyable app.
M.k
Options keeps resetting itself after each update.
Love this app
Kool
Cool

slow upload. im using wifi conn. but still not ok
Work properly
But have some problem its some its stopped
It needs to consume less data! Not everyone owns a galaxy!
It doesn't work. I keep getting message Error opening news feed.
Olamby tool konyanu
Downloads  this
Gogoi
Devolp in graphics and processing
True communication
Show the most liked comments first as you show in PC.
Even one star you dont deserve. It is hanging whenever i open it. It is toooooo slow. And i think u cant solve these problems. Because with each update you create a new problem. So delete this software plz.
very lag..cant even see photo or view video although fast internet
It aight
Loved it
Ok
Fb keeps crashing since latest update. Very, very annoying.
Very nice!!"
I don't like it
o_O
Every time I click on the app it takes me on notifications instead of the news feed. Needs sorting out ASAP
Lovin it
Farhad
Very slow
Gug
it went back to the other one I had ..... .
Bcz in phone app we cnt do vid calls . . . . .
Good
Its a really good app.
Want to give no stars..... Soooo much data consuming, and tooo slow
Frequent updates make d app worth... Would encourage d pic loading time improves..
Good
Assem
It is a mediater to contact new people n new knowledge about everything
Superhhhhbbhhhjjjjjjjnnnnnnnnnnnnbbbbbbbbbbbbbbvvvvvvvvvcfgv
Nice... :D
Best social app
Keeps closing and slow to open. Fix it!!!
The app does not work. I continually get a message "load failed" or "check internet connection". If I go directly to facebook on google rather than the app, everything is good. I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times????
APP!!!!
Very good
What's happened to the editing capabilities, reliability and speed is ok but editing is vital, let's have it back.
Fix it soon :p
Ali bejtuli
Abdul karim
It takes long to download
Bkt sobra nman kumaing mb ng fb ngaun,sobra nmn
Updates every other day, uses over 100mb. Terrible
Amazing :)
Its really slow and consumes a huge bunch of my phone's memory.
I think after updated your app is very bad. It always close itself when I will comment by picture, every time really. Pls help to fix it!!
Since last update my fb is slow please fix this problem
Heavy
Too much slow loading .......;
I can't see new stories!
It's great!!
This buggy, memory hogging, privacy invasive App takes over your Contacts App and won't let you edit any Contacts linked to FB, with no option to stop it. This happened to every contact I looked at.  I guess you have to use FB to edit contacts. How incredibly inconvenient! I am really tired of all the adds it inserts in my time line. Makes it look like l'm promoting stuff that l don't necessarily approve of. Guess I'll uninstall & just use my laptop for FB, where l'll have to waste more time deleting adds.
Nepal
Thanks for reply button on comments
Closes every time I scroll, touch to view or comment on something.  Have to use browser now. Useless app to me. FIX IT!!!
one of the best social network
Gautam
To SLOW
It's not working properly previous version is better crashes when photos checking time
It takes the whole phone space and can't install anything next to it.
Its annoying
Negative STAR Plsss :)
Like!
It's straight
Downloaded my first app.
Please help.
"@@@@@@$$$$$$$***
App never seems to work.  Each update brings a new problem and only sometimes fixes the old problem.
If this app takes up too much space, try clearing it's cache. The actual app size is only ~26MB.
Multimind nd tech advance
The resiod i say that is because i had to danlode it and then redownld it
Change fb app style.....
Acha vala update lao.
RNS SOONER THAN LATER CUZZO
Nice one
This working good
Omg SO SLOW. I CAN'T EVEN REFRESH MY PAGE
Every time I open the app it will not let me share,  post, comment,or it will close out on me. Then today I get a message that says i need to update it. So i was thinking great now its going to be fixed. Well, now when i open the app it close on me as soon as i open it. I love facebook but it is impossible to get on it! So mad and have been for days but even more mad today now that i can even look through my friends post.
Slower and slower
Fb
Mind set of a winner
The app close by itself.
Found faster than previous
What would I do with out it
JUST STOP DAILY UPDATES!! JUST MAKES A ONE PERFECT UPDATE !! GOSH
New update is totaly heck... ! Fb becomes very slow n pictures are not loaded fast..!  Its annoying me..!
always not responding..
MuhammadSarjeelislam
Its not letting me download it
Excellent performance but not showing latest news with out refresh
Hvac
Totally worst than any other app because it is having too many bugs. Very slow app even in 3g . what d fuck. I wanto gv a zero star
Amazing
Awesome
Ramesh. Prasad
New update version improves speed of fb very well
Srinu
Every time you update this app you make it worse. Leave it alone. Do you even read these reviews? I don't need another box popping up after I post something. Twitter and instagram don't do it. Think about that.
Everytime I try and upload a photo it crashes!!
Good to communicate
okay glad u guys have done some updates I can now write comments with stickers. I hope this feature stays permanent. and also put this sticker feature in status updates
Good
My Facebook won't load most pictures as I scroll through my news feed. I will be deleting Facebook if this does not get fixed. It's highly annoying and I'm getting sick of not being able to look at anything on my facebook.
On
Orang jepun
It is slow
you are all know that. What I say?
Good
Thanks for bringing about back as we can see who's following me and one problem people don't want messenger its a distraction not just to me but for some of us is just having a bubble pop out in ur screen is not great its always better to have everything in one like Facebook was before!!!
Aswome...
The Facebook Security team loves Closing individuals accounts then forcing the owner of the account to verify who they are by uploading their identification, Drivers License, ID, Passports Birth Certificates etc.. just for adding friends and for not properly filling out your profile truthfully and accurately.
Thanks ,for fixing the issues.Its better now.
I loved it.
What if i don't want to install messenger it's a big mess
High Data card consumption. Slow booting
Videos refresh over and over with a black screen on auto play and when I tap the video it says it's unable to play. Love Facebook but this needed constructive criticism and needs to be fixed :)
I always luv fb
Skt
Balamurugan
I love it
Facebook anytime anywhere. .
Fix
It is toooo slow. Doesnt show recent news feed. And it takes time to load data
Good
The bestt
It keeps crashing and force closing. It's not even allowing me too update my status with feeling.  Please fix asap!!!
Mohamed
I can't even open the app without it instantly crashing. It worked last week and just stopped. I updated it thinking that may be why but it worse now. I don't even get to the app loading screen before it crashes. Hope this is fixed soon.
Fb is a great ....
Nice
Goooooooood
Takes much space and slows down my phone with its cache please add a auto cache remover
Need more update
The newer versions take up so much of the phone's storage and slow it down when running significantly. I reverted back to the factory default to free space. On the good side, an easy to use app with lots of good features. 2/5
I love this intersting app........
123456
Osssssasanlm
I'm experiencing content loading issues (images, video thumbnails etc.) It takes a while before they appear. There's a significant delay. I'm using LG G2. The last update was the best! Please fix & i'll give 5stars. Thanks.
Force close constantly.  Slower and bigger than ever. Removed!!!
R
Fast Freddie/pro,motocross
Love
Its awesome
OSUUUM
Awesome app .........!
Job
Not working as good as further .......we have to dwnld messenger along with it to make it wrk effectively. ...
So what!!!
Nice
Without messages there is no point may as well use the site
Intrusive
Now I can keep in tomuch of family, friends,and YouTube's i like

Love it so much.. Thank you much for your wedsite .. God bless
faboulas
I love this communication
Supper
Nice
Slow loading
First thought facebook broke in opening links.  But chrome broke instead!
I will not update this app anymore until the new app permissions are removed - especially the one that allows FB to read my texts. You don't need to!
I like facebook
Terbaik
A good way to meet new people
Not bad
i llike Facebook because it is the one and only site that can give u any thing
V good
It's a great app easy to use and fun
Good
Sahi h
I don't like this Facebook
I cant post coments and i cant see..newsfeed why what is the problem  i have internet connection ...
Facebook
Very thanks
Bakwaas facebook
Latest updates on my Galaxy S4 won't constantly open but flickers a blank white page until I force close and have to Uninstaller and reinstall FB. Seriously what is up with that. Been using FB on my S4 for over a year and it worked perfectly until the last few updates. PLEASE FIX it's the way I keep in touch with my out of state daughter and granddaughters!!
Fine
11111111g
Its communicates to all my friends in facebook.....
That ruin this app?  Ever since the last two updates it keeps saying I'm being logged out while using it and I'm still logged in.  Then, when I exit, it won't shut off, staying active and having me need to shut it down manually the whole time.  Multi billion dollar company can't figure things out?  Stop messing with something that's fine.
Excepto por el messenger...
Excellent
Like just Social Media
This app is crap-bill gates
A. Every time I download the messenger app to check my messages, it screws up my entire phone and none of my apps respond so I immediately uninstall it. B. Since the last two updates my facebook gets worse and worse. I'm tired of seeing the message "facebook is not reponding."
Where is the reply option for comments..? Removed in the update?
Poonkodi
Since the last uodate, it is almost unusable on my tablet.   It keeps closing after viewing just a few posts or when i try to open one to read further.
Everytime i'm on news fed it refreshes on its own and brings me up to the top when i'm reading or going through the news! Looses my spot! Annoying! Please fix!
churches
Nothing fantastic about the app, prefer checking the mobile site.
I Can't Download It To My Ipod Touch 4 
Fine
Awesome....
Please don't force us to crop our profile pictures into squares. And please lessen the space this app takes. -.-
Coil
Waste of life
I like this app very much
Lagging ;(
Love it
Hera
Cool
Very Best aap
KEEPS CLOSING PREMATURELY! TERRIBLE!
Awesome
This app sucks now cant look back past a certain point without kicking me off the site
Good
U
I am using MOTG. It is consuming more than 70MB. It's Facebook chat application consuming another 70MB. This is is the more memory consumer app in my phone. So does I need this app instead Facebook Mobile site through browser.
It is very slow
Nice
Love to use it
Slower than the previous version
I do like the app over the Internet but daily it freezes up on me and sometimes force closes. I can't do anything and sometimes have to restart my phone. Getting ridiculous.  Please fix
Good work
Always updating,which home is not agreed, why &also occupy full mb,reduce day by day noted matter .
Suka makan ayam
Lol
New update I don't like, please change
Just horrible
This app is ok but there is too many updates and it doesnt improve anything
The most recent update has made my facebook app unuseable. I can't see comments, I uninstalled updates and reinstalled hoping to fix it but now it's not loading anything.
Messenger strucks
Htd
Facebook needs to be smoother. Data consumption is too high and battery life is swiftly drained. Bugs and lags need to fix.
P P P P
Because black niggas
Pi¨´ veloce e stabile. Ora si vedono i compleanni di "oggi" e si possono salvare le foto.
Ok
Please fix this problem
Vry nice to av baby
SADIQ ABAD
Super slow to open and force closing...!!
I now use the mobile website.  Battery killer and I've to open something else to open chats anyway
Its still saying it. I'm never gonna share photos on Facebook or talk to my friends ever again. (Sobbing) dude stop updating and making it slower and slower OK!?!?
My grandson and daughter love this app it keeps them busy.
Love u very much
Hameed
App requires 24mb space. But I got 120mb free space, how is that not enough?!
Messngr optn not gud ...dey askng forcefully to instl
Its ok

Enjoy conversing with grandchildren!
Eats more battery than the screen. Power drops a percent every minute, even when not using it. And don't get me started on Messenger.
Stop making facebook able to EXTREMELY invade every user's privacy....
Naise
Love Facebook!!!
Love it
Stops working. News feed wont load.
All i see on every photo on my feeds are loading icon and a round arrow.
Amen
Like
Ok
Request select photo upload can choose from photo album... Currently only choose the latest photo, not convenient at all, please fix it....
Since installing the messanger app itnkeeps force closing.
I like this
pls turn the old version back its much simpler and easy to use its been consuming too much of my phone space its annoying
This is a good app for me
Comments
1000
need a improvement
It keeps on foreclosing on me when im talking to them please fix
The app shuts down on my Note 4 after a few seconds of viewing.  Lots of contact sync issues.
Hi
I loved it
I go to log in and it tells me my session has expired when I wasn't even on it, and then I can't log in!!! Stupid upgrade
It keeps freezing on me everytime I go to watch videos or if I use the app for long periods of time it wont show my news feed or anything
Stupied update
Eede
I don't understand why but the app never works with my own net data pack however fast the internet is, but it works with any WiFi I get however slow it is.
Nc app
Galaxy tab3
Its OK pretty good app???
Excellent
Awesome
Can't comment anymore by hitting the "+" sign, plus it switched sides and covers the profile pics. Weird choice ...are Jr high kids running this show
App keeps freezing and force closing.
It is faster than ever
I Hate it when it just Closes Right away.. and when you try to open it again... Sometimes you get stuck on a Message That says "Setting up Facebook"
Rahul chauhan
This apparently is amazing!!
Good boss
Lali Nice
Last update Facebook crashes or doesn't open at all.  Worked fine before.  Using Samsung Galaxy S4.
Stop sending me the messenger option.  I don't want it.....
Siddharth
Cool
Gr8
Like it
Amizang
It is very slow
Why does it keep showing old post after logging on post from months back.
I hate how Facebook forces you to use their internal browser. Limits you from all the features from your system browser and other handlers.
Every time I scroll down it freezes when a video shows up
Super
facebook
DL keeps freezing at 93%
Since the new update the app keeps freezing and closing. Also there is no way to sort my news feed to see the most recent information. Please fix this and I'll give you a higher rating
When I try to change my profile picture or cover back to an old photo it reuploads the photo.
maganda naun,un nga lng slow xa mgresp0nd taz ngba2ck pa xa ng bgla2,,pki fix pls
This application is not efficient for smartphones with little memory capacity
Senang utk bbual dgn rakan rakan
Love this! Keep's me close to family & friend's!!!!!!!
Good
Like it
I just don't like the way the videos upload blurry.
Not very smooth :-(

Great app
Less data should be consumed
Good
Cant connect to messenger , cant reload news feed ! What happen ?!!
Fairly good
Good
Fast browsing
But chat is not possible without messenger.. plz fix it
Students
It keeps acting like I am offline. When I get on the Facebook website it works but not the app...fail
It's not too bad. It does has its good side and bad. Would be nice if you could use messenger on fb rather then download messenger itself.
Very coool
Yeaa
The heaviest and slowest app in my mobile. You really don't want to fix it?
keep closing won't open
It drains battery, it doesn't show    all of my friends updates and it is very limited.
viper is the best  :)
Nothing
Cannot load properly
fb
Xperia T
Yr updates goes on this format . Slow slower slowest . Bad worse worst . Crap crappier crappiest
Its too slow it freezes..i uninstalled it now it wont install. Im over it
Slow
Thanks
I like it
Still having trouble with shutting down cannot do anything from my tablet , can't read newsfeed or comment.  Not even able to share. Please get this fixed , it has been almost a month and half. Very frustrated
Fgjknrgbm
Sawyan65@gmail
Not good app
Loved it
The new notifications doesn't appear at all ~_~
Need more improvements
I like the version on my computer battery it has a better flow
Best way to know the people on univers
Nice app
NOW YOU'RE FORCING EVERYONE THAT USES THIS APP TO USE MESSENGER TO SEND & RECEIVE PRIVATE MESSAGES...THAT'S BULL$HIT!! I DON'T WANT MY FB FRIENDS TO HAVE MY PHONE NUMBER YET THERE'S NO WAY TO MAKE MY NUMBER NOT APPEAR...THAT MAKES NO SENSE & IS A MAJOR PRIVACY PROBLEM!! SERIOUSLY, YOU'D THINK SOMEONE INTELLIGENT ENOUGH TO BECOME A BILLIONAIRE WOULD HIRE DEVELOPERS SMART & SAVVY ENOUGH TO DEVELOPE A MUCH NICER, EFFICIENT MOBILE PRODUCT!!
I can't download facebook on my sony xeperia e1 since i've updated the software on my phone. Please fix this problem for me and others who have the same phone as me thank you
Nice Application.
Very nice bingo
Crashes loads then when i scroll it closes
Best best ...............

Great
Fb
The app is great, but it takes a lot of space in my phone memory
Its tooo slow nd notifications does nt come on LED screen
it gets slower and most often getting a force close error. please fix it! i really don't like the updated one.
Nice
It's a boom app
Custom privacy options would be nice. Just like the web interface. News feed, ugh. Screw your top stories. I'd like to have the ability to set most recent as default. Taking the messenger away was a bad idea. I don't want to use two apps to use your services. Now you want access to my phone calls to?
Very good
Bed wtf
Hu
Good

It let you talk to gf
Hindi ako mka download
More problems exist in this app than it is worth... and I despise that you have to have messenger to read personal messages between friends.
Liked it
Sand
Too slow,otherwise good stuff
Good
Mukale
I'm using the Nexus 5 and I can't open this app. Used to be just fine before this new update. Please fix this asap and I shall rate this app to a full 5 
It is not updating on my 2.3.6 version
Bhai Tanik samjhaiye to ke kaisan Istemal karna hai ieka. Hamne suna hai ke ie Facebook se Choriya pass ati hai. Bhaiya ham to bahut pareshan hai kono ladki hamre pass nahi avat. zara madad kari do Hamko btai do kayisan ieka Istemal karre        shukriya
Come on..its Facebook,how best it should be described
Make the facebook beautiful background
The app worked fine until a few days ago. It freezes and crashes all the time. I can't even view a friend. Please fix this!!
It is consuming almost all of my phone's torage capacity!! Really sucks!!
Why is that Facebook can take pictures and use your audio with out your conformation 
Joint the world in one knot
Booty
It's amazing
Good fr cont frnd
New update gives me yesterday's news feed first and I got to hunt around forever for the most recent news feed, I'm not happy with that!!!!!! New look is pretty cool l like that, but for the news feed issue it SUCKS!!!!!!
i hope we dont need to install fb messenger
./.
ss
Latest update gives better response
Still Doesn't look anything like the pictures of the app above, even after update.... Release that version.
Baz
Mint
Please update to reduce mobile data consumption
I want my most recent always to be the first thing to pop up not your stupid top stories bs
Mark parry
what the heck cant open it and its really getting nto my nerves
Love
Good
I like it
Very good i like ths apps

Khmer
Not working.showing White page only.pls fix d bugs
Fuyk
Exllent
Disappointed because i can¡¯t upload my video..how can you say that it is abusive..grrr...fix it...and i gave you 5 stars
Fix this . i'll give full star if it's fixed .
It's great
good
Nothing compares the happiness in fb
,
Best wishes
Facebook
Having trouble with the app on my phone and tablet i have got to keep unstalling it and stall it for it work and it will last a couple of mins.. This new update sucks
irritating
Great way to talk to my friends
Worse than before. Aborts in 30 seconds on samsung tablet.
This apps joint with me my family members and my friends raily it's amizing
After the update, I thought there would be an improvement,  but it's not.   Anytime I open Facebook on my tablet, it keeps quitting automatically and takes me back to the home screen.   I HATE THAT.  It's like Facebook won't work on my tablet 3.
Better than the first update.
Great
Even though i kept in chat off mode.i was appearing active to others for a meanwhile....
Facebook
Get!!
Its very good app but high ram is need for it but its a good app for android phones
The facebook becomes very bad .connectionis very bad.it is not working on Wifi .cant upload new feeds and cant upload new images .really hate it .it becomes really awful application
Its awesome
Facebook helps me stay in touch with friends and family. Does take a minute to load the app sometimes.
Nic to use
like it
Wounderfull
I love this app you can talk your friends and look at pictures
Superb
Good
When I leave the app it refuses to shut down so I have to force a shut down. Disappointing.
Nice
When an offline status updated, the fb ongoing is not going away...
i cant even open it. >.<
Prahlad rulaniya
Tooooooo slow app make it fast Fb team
Terbaik
Mast hai boss
It is a very nice app
I like it so nice
Having had to reinstall it, i find it annoyingly keeps closing down on its own. Cannot use it! !!
Ehsjfnnxfbhgd
seronok tapi tak lama
The Facebook app has improved an awful lot over the past 18 months and I have reinstalled it on my tablet.
Cant comment with pictures?
I don't like it!! Very bad.......
A lot of "Application not responding" on this new version. Worst update ever!
Connecting People
I don't like it but everyone uses it.
Miss
Why does the application keep shutting down on my galaxy tab 3 its very annoying.
Excellent
Slow
Hai
Finally.. without bugs
You should compress the app or do something to make it less space, same as messenger.
Still now working for my phone this application is a**
Privacy issues
Khadija arawi
Nice
Its my favorite
Iam a good dancer!
Good app thanks to allah
not enough speed... keep it up.
Pretty much useless now.
I love the " real facebook" experience....that this app provides...gud job!.
Less data usage please.
Good
Sehr gut
Very good all time
Everything is good but please add a search option for searching members in a group as it is difficult to check now.....   Hope u may fix it quickly its so usefull for us
Good,good
don't know why my fb acount doesn¡¯t logout on ths app ... please fix it... i¡¯ll give 5 stars
Lags repeatably and never responds. Requires several force shut downs
dog
Its nice app but, this app not chat for friends
Very slow, does not connect easily.. Muy lento, no conecta facilmente y se traba
http://hike
The real story
It keeps kicking off while I'm trying to use it
Fact book
Not better it is very slow for low ram phone...
Excellent
Fun to use when it works. Last update is causing erratic behavior... often freezes.
Too much Data...
Still cannot see all of my albums, hence why I use Friendcaster. Still don't like the 30 notification limit. And why do notifications dissappear when the notification feed buffers the next batch of notifications?
I like Facebook . . . . .
I love using this app but it consumes too much space when i install this app, i can't install other apps because of how big this app needs...
Good
Old version is better than the last version because it takes a long time to refresh and show up the pictures and videos, it is too slow to get to know the new notifications. Please fix it as soon as possible.
Can't copy the data
Pathetic... Its amazing the news/recent feed issue is still present when thy clearly dont care about their users. Not to mention the  forced use of messeger.  Uninstall...
The app closes itself while using it anytime from the recent update in note 2. Please fix it!
Fix this app..lots of problems...as you can see lot of people are having problems with this app...Fix it...
Cool
Please make "most recent" as a default instead of "most popular".
Utter crap, especially when you try to  get us to  install messenger
Good App
With the most current update, I cannot click on posted links or friend's profiles. That was never an issue before.
Stop forcing adds .
gud...
Super
Saujanya neupane
Jookseb kinni.
Crashes everytime i access it from my samsung tablet!!
Yeah.
New update keeps closing and freezing. Very frustrated!!!
Get a new freaking app out, or put the Old on back out this is annoying! !!!!!!
Its fun
I like it not love it
Superb
Its slower than before and I can't get into it to check in with family!!
Love it live it
I like
Good luck with the sender
715000
Rte
I mean smtimes it doesn't load pics at all. Do smthing, pls. Usin Galaxy Mega 2
fix it why not match sesion fb log in log out very hard useless to update
Cant even use the app for 10 seconds without it crashing.
Galaxy Tab3 10in this app is constantly foreclosing to a point of u usable. Same app on galaxy phone having no issues.....please fix
:*
Can u add setting to change font size to make it bigger
The wheel jus spins..........i dnt thnk it will load............
so awesome
Its rock
Love it
Now requires separate app Fodor messaging.
device is annoying ..
Beautiful
So annoying, I cannot use back again my profile picture.  Please make a move to fix it.
This is awsum app
Very poor....
This app is nice but please add some more new features
every updates of fb is getting slower and slower.my news feed keep coming back from the top so I cant browse properly...it sucks!!!!
Men download face book
App doesnt open when u click on a facebook link. It brings me to mobile website. Cant delete posts or comments...
This App Is Great ,
Good
Thank you for bringing back most recent!!!! great job!
Gjd
Great
Now not open any time isn't responding please help
This is one of those apps that I could never figure out where the hate for it comes from. It works fine for me! Always has.
Fine
Can't upload photos within the app now just forces closed every time even after a full restart and cache clear. Slow and at times unresponsive.  And why do you feel that tip stories should be the default option for everyone when you open the app?! Who cares about stories that can be sometimes a week plus old! I want to see the recent items and not have to go through options to see this feed. Fix this please
Stops working, Messenger crashes, comments lock up, takes awhile to clear up. Allows photo albums to be added to your page and you can't delete it.
Keeps Force Closing
Prerak
There are no changes after update ... what does it do after every update then ? Nothing gets updated ? What is this ? its really very Disappointing !
Good for meeting friends and cared ones.
Hai
Facebook
I wonderful
Hope the Facebook allowed slided video in the commentation of messager or friend profile.
Good

Improved a lot!
I sign in but once i sign out i can't get back in  unless I uninstall and reinstall...annoying please look into thx
But videos cannot download
It is a fine app
Every time error when I m sending friend request.. Older version is better.
Always forced close
It freezes right when I try to open app. Then it ask to send error report.
power full
Loveeeee
Closes constantly since updates
There is no need to move messaging exclusively to another app. The mobile site contains it, why can't the more advanced app? I'd rather not install something separate to do what I could always do.
Rubel
Make it smoother like iPhone
Sometimes it gets stuck bt no major problems.
Keep on freezing up
Very nice apps
Good ! I love it !
Very nice & helpful
Good
Wooooo
It sucks
Awful app. Awful system. Awful idea.
Fun hbka
Excel lent
Beauti
Little slow
Still sucks... no messaging,  takes way to much space, ram and battery, and why does the news feed update and interrupt me when I'm reading taking me clear back to the top??? Get it together Facebook!
Nice app...more improvements can be done
Love the new app.. But I hate the amount of space it utilizes!
I loved it
Its very slow on gprs
Febulous
new update runs to slow.
Good
Super quick
E
Good
Why the f*** I can't message to my friends with the Facebook app ? Why I'm being asked to download messenger frequently ! Damn what if I don't ? Grab it ...
Very much like
would be a lot better.
will not work
Will not stay opened...every time i try to open it disappears...started about a month ago...PLEASE FIX!
I have a lot of trouble with Facebook.
Did u do to facebook
Nice
Bhalo
Ts
Always force close;/...again
Good
Just uninstalled all updates, when you figure it out I will update again
Will not log out right, keeps saying session timed out please login again, does not recognize access token, screen blacks out, have keep trying to logout multiple times before it finally gets it right, have reported multiple times to no avail. Why does Facebook not listen? Please fix these issues.
No problems so far
Wah
Yah
Love fb its become a part of life
Ok
Nice one..
like it
Doing most of time problem slow in commenting nd all
Fhfdf
Longhaul  to California  and  bac to Florida .
Jai sai nath sai ram sai ram sai ram
Reena parjapati
What the fock FB???? Just what the fock????? -_-
Seriously how long will it take to fix this...before n after updating the same problem is there... i can't open this app... closes like every 10 seconds... it is really frustrating... fix the bug
Thenew updates  keeps crashing when i try to go into my homepage or friends pages along with issues posting statuses and photos.So I was forced to go back to an older version of this app  It seems alot of other people are having the same issues This is only on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 please try to fix this asap
poorly made app
It's a have to have
Most android devices more than 5.2 inches ... So the major button must be in the bottom of the app ... I have some difficult to reach the bottoms in the above.
I.love This Application
But Some time is dose not work
It takes for ever to get message notifications and it takes up almost all my space and constand updates every day and my news feed shows a old story under a new story and ITS TAKING MY PERSONAL IN FORMATION IM ABOUT TO DELET AFTER IT KEEP DOIN THIS AGIAN
Cool app love it
If it is possible to rate 0 star i will do it...do you call this an update??the speed became slower than ever..shame to the developers..
THE FIRST APP TO SOCIAL NETWOKING
Wow
Eats ram but no problem.. If your phone is rooted then you can end it.. By a cleaner app like clean mastermaster
Good
Hate it. It crushes every time I log on
Always force closes! Even still with this update. Plus would like to see the app look more like the phone browser when you go to it from the net with all the features like from a PC.. Please fix then ill rate more stars. Thanks
when scrool down facebook app close or crashed automatically please help
Awesome
Excellent Loved it. :) <3
I'm happy to keep in contact with my Facebook family and Facebook friends.
Osam way to canact with fronds family


Good
it keeps closingbon me. i can't do very much
Emoji is not view!!
Stops working everytime I want to log off. Closing the app and restarting it results in a permanent white screen. Bulls***! Fix it!
New feed completely fd up and too much-needed space for it
Nepal
Eduardo frias
Good app
Just when you think this app can't get any worse! Uninstall. Will use a Bookmark added to my home screen. Stupidest idea EVER!!!!!
:)
It is very usefull
Vhery nice fb
Good
Good
I love Facebook
Good
Verry verry good
Awesome
I like it app me & my friends
9
facebook crash my phone!
what happened to turn off notifications? there's a lot of bug. what is worst is, sometimes the news feed goes black..
App
Cool
It doesn't work properly when I open two windows in my tablet or phone!!!!! I can't then see messages or send messages I have to cancel 2 windows options to work properly again BUT not while using two windows option.....
Hitanksh
I dont its hrd......i cnt log in i nd to changed my account again and again.....
So before it kept freezing.. Now it doesn't close! I have to manually close the application.. Before I was able to press the 'return' hot key and it would be fine... Also my contacts won't sync properly anymore? What happened?!
Its too good
Wah, mmg best fb ni tp jgn main chat orang.yg x dikenali ok
Way better than the apple facebook
After opening the fb page it dissapears 30 sec. Later
V poor quality. I dont like it.
Excellent
I have to logout again and again before login.and it takes too much time to do that and at the end i am unable to login. I never thought that I will struggle with Facebook.
Consuming too much memory
Ehhh
The most boss app
Xlent
Not downloading video..
Not good
Dnt work on my phone keep installing everyday
Good app. Is fb
Hate it! Its unusable, never loads!
It wouldn't let me reply to any comments, if I uploaded a photo I had to retry 10 times before it was done, my messages wouldn't show up, just too many bugs.
This cant not support to my phone..if I wan on facebook he get long time wan on..lolz
Good
Plz back tha options of remove tag in notification menu
Finally, more of the standard features from the web version made their way into the app version.
If it does not force me to install messenger it is amazing
Good
Smart
B
Very slow
This app is disgusting!!!!
Great App
Used to work fine. But for the last 3 days the app has been very slow to load anything. A lot of the time it won't update the feed or notifications at all. Useless in current form. Gone back to just loading FB through Chrome ( which sucks, but actually loads ).
Good
The improvements have been made! The updates are great! I'm very much satisfied using this app! Good job! 5 stars!
this update sucks !!!! it's getting worst than before !!!!!!!
Poor
Like it
Because its speed is slow .. N takes more memory
Good
Nice application
love it very much..
I
Love it
not bad...better than nothing :-)
I love it
Really good...
FIX THIS P.O.S. THANKS!!!!
Very gooooood
Tired of looking at this ugly cloud above NY news feed talking bout it can't load. What's the point of updating the app if u still can't load my news feed. Been going on for a few days now. FIX IT!!!
Wow smart
The app won't connect to any internet source, no wifi or reception. Won't let me do anything! Fix this please!
KK
This version does not show my own status updates .

I stopped playing games because either you need to add friends you do not know or purchase things to play the game. The app takes up too much room on my cell and constantly needs to be updated. I am also upset at being forced to use messenger which also takes up a lot of space on my cell. Not a happy camper
As soon as i open the app it closes. Its done this since 2 updates ago.
I'm not using browser only direct fb so osm na ...
Nice
very slow
i really love it
S
FB is the must needed app in the phone...
Usefu, SPY app..
Vedio problem...always closed the app when i try to open a vedio......plz stop daily updates
Never loads my time line and come up with errors repeatedly also doesn't let me log out
slow
Good
Excellent
Sometimes its not working .. and then to much ram or log when you open it plss fix this
Facebook
I lovee yooouuuu
Enough for my need to stay in touch in Facebook while on the move.
Good in speed
I love the updates I really would give it five stars if Facebook where to come up with a update that allowed users to see who viewed the status I'd pay for that
Gd app
Please I wish to copy and paste the posts :)
fb speed is very slow nd thankful contact sync fb
I lovE iT
It gives me experience of perfection
This app is really helpful ...
Chauhan
Slow and unreliable speed, have lots of updates but still no improvements.
So so slow.
N
Also the world best apps
Nice app. I give it 3 stars
Hav nt..dated ina while...luv sports...tal dark n hansom..
Wstitew
Facebook is a good way to communicate with friends , peoples who are far away from us and its so good to time pass and I request to develop the video calling options but overall I love Facebook
Gathers personal info to populate ads and marketing strategies to us!
since update facebook crashes every few mins when I go on a page or make a comment this is on my Samsung galaxy tab 3 . it's happening to a lot of people Facebook sort this problem
The updates once in a while do nothing to solve the bugs that are flooding the app or that it consumes more space than a demanding 3D game
This app doesn't load notifications,messages etc without refreshing it. Ps it doesn't opens the messages without downloading messanger in it. I mean wth?? Just forcing users to download messanger?
Just love it
I don't like this app it gives me so much problems. ....
Its so slow
It deserves 5 star but I will give 3 because its too heavy app......it occupies about 80MB of memory.
too long loading..very slow
Nice apps.
So nice.
Nice one
Superb
Baqwaas tareen
Hate
How about making Most Recent the default feed instead of Top Stories?
A nice app
No complaints and no suggestions
This app is unstable, slow ,buggy annoying to use, unintuitive, clunky and unresponsive. For a company with so much money you think you could build a more robust app
Please try and fix it, it's very frustrating
Link
its so freaking awsome
please remove messenger its annoying and more space consumed in my phone memory even in sd.
bad!!!!!!
What is wrong with you? Latest update is bogus. After updating, the app no longer opens in my phone
Good
Good app
helo
Good performance
Crashes every two mins... very frustrating
Excellent
The new update is so bad ... i can't have my news feed up to date ... it is so slow
F**kn sh*t!!
M
More faster and reliable <3  Great work developers thums up (Y)
Nagar
pls help me thank u......
Just only use photo uploading
Still sucks!!!! Loading loading loading can't see pictures... Getting frustrating
Its awesome app ...for android phone...
Nice boss
All these updates and yet if I need to search my name in a group (such as a selling group) I still have to turn the laptop on as I can't do it through tab or phone, also If you have messenger installed you can't access your 'other' messages
This is just one step too far.   Will not install intrusive messenger, and now I will not update the FB app.
Awesome ¨¤ap
Ugly. Junk
really gooooooooood.
Everytime I open it, my phone starts to lag and jam. But once I force close it, my phone does not lag or jam anymore. Pls fix this. Thanks
Best app. Access all fucntionality of Facebook in easy way.
Very good
Ause
App crashing on galaxy tab 3 after the latest update
Crash alot on my samsug tab. Accessing the app will crash after 5 min, or when sharing... please fix this. I stopped using this app on my tablet.
Need more
Sara Saudi
Superd...........
Facebook You Suck!!!!
Anything
masa itu bernilai
Can't upload pictures directly on Facebook. This has been this way for a number of updates. I even tried resetting my phone to make sure it wasn't me. I reported the problem. And from my research there are other people with this problem. I'm getting ready to leave facebook.
I like this
Auto Play video consume too much data.
Yes.yes.yes!!!
Brilient  app
Good
Facebook
Mano
Mimo
Very slow
The app closed after I clicked the notification button
Separating the messaging function was a dumb move.
App
V good
Good
Face book
very good
Updates seem to have taken both the Facebook and messenger apps down on my Nexus 5.. Oopsy
Make it little more fast
Chutyya
Kalappa.pattar
Its Life
If I can get a better app I need a kiss
:-)
Nicee
Guys this app takes almost 100mb on my phone. Are you crazy? It can't even send/read messages...
Why the new updates make this app slower and slower.
Just.........
Peice of crap daily update what the hell and useless fb app i recommend to use uc browser for fb this application is crap and useless and more its slower like a turtle hate it now with my heart GTH ....
Super
Older version be best
The best social  network site on the WWW.
Constantly needs patched
Change the interface to match iOS App store Facebook app...its so ugly on a tablet and disorganized
:)))
Social
Social website that has, in my eyes,  has the most successful at re-connecting people who have been searching for others.
Keeps crashing takes a long time to.show my notifications and a long time to load pics

It's a tremendous App.
Not at all what a Facebook social app should par up to for my Android.
Good
Easy use
NOT going to upgrade due to permission demands. If it stops functioning i will stop allowing it to use memory on my device.
It keeps crashing on my tablet.facebook you really need to fix the problem.
Always error loading wasting time to download bad application
Subsequent to the update, the Apps was crashed since mid October.   Tried to uninstall the app and reinstall it, but error code appeared during installing process.. have been tried for more than 20 times over the past two weeks, still can't reinstall the app!  Please resolve asap!
App will not load, just crashes after a couple of minutes. Even after force closing and restarting phone.
AWESOME for keeping up with family
Too slow in my galaxy S advance
Du
The new update is slower and keep freezing
Perfect for chatting with frnds and someone special
Ashra
Rohit123
Can you fix this ASAP cause whenever I click facebook it ends with a white screen fix this please
Easy to access
Great app!
Miraj
I stopped using FB mobile. It was slow, unreliable, unstable. I also dont like that it autostarts non stop in the background even if I am not logged in.
Meh
Hyk
For chating
No comment :)
Goldleaf
I like
We can't make copy ,past to text  and when upload  pictures mad it in one file "all pictures"
Keep the improvement going..
Good app
Ne mogu da updatiram treba mi jako puno memorije, totalno sranje !!
Good
Download error
i just love it...!!!
Soo beautiful app
Foto comment clasifications not yet...??...
we can't copy texts in the app so please improve it
it won't even let me load the application all the way before it crashes.
I dont like it.
Unable to download its taking too much space and time
It's very good to have it
Without messenger v can't able to chat ..... It is only the disadvantage
For The Owner of the Facebook  please stop always daily update, its always the same , so hard to update , my phone is 1 gb. Ram only, cant updates anymore
Easy to navigate easy to use
Love u
Love it
This app is not good and accure more space and hang my phone q mobile a110
Its awesome
The Feds watching 
Baaaaaaaaad
The townhouse
There are moments when I have to click a photo to like it, the app hang and would not function. And then after a few minutes my phone would be on home screen and then a cloud would display saying Facebook has stop and the options are wait and ok. Naturally I have to choose ok because If I choose wait, the app would not respond for minutes. Please fix this please!
Narayanpethkar
For an app emerging from a billion dollar company you would think they would give the user an option to not have Facebook constantly running in the background soaking up ram speed
Nice
Nice
My fb keeps crashing.until u fix it,my 1 star will stay
Super
Love it
I cant get it to load up half the time!!
Good
Awesome...each update gets even interesting, i enjoy using it.....
The size of this is so large
My internal storage is low because of fb
Slow as ever to open. G+ is much better.
Abdo
I did not like when it asks to crop for dp
Nah
Hiiiii
What a good apps
So good
I like it
Facebook
With kit kat
Why I have to crop my profile pic. into square before using it 
Don't like. It
Every update comes with a new bug.... pictures load funny on android phones. It keeps blacking out on me still???? I have press back a million times to get out of the app... I'm so annoyed fix it and my rating goes up.... still closes out on me whenever it wants... when is it ever going to be bug free?? ):
yes
Nice app friend
Good
Awful, crashes all the time
Goods app.
Not feasible with 2g data connection anymore. It's hell using with 2g.
You cant hide stuff you dont use, like friend recommendations
Awesome...........
Liked
Very happy to join it
Hangs my phone
Thanks fb.for the good services
its too slow, and consuming more data.
Great social web
Fast
Very Good
Gud
Awesome
Love
Its nice app
Its cool
Super social network on would
No need to ins tall messenger suks
After updating, keeps freezing & then closes. Rubbish!
I love .fb
Ffh
Still this eats 70 mb
I love it
N
I think it's okay BUT I can't see pages i liked and I can't receive notification all of pages I chosen. Now I can't choose receive notification from page I want to know all new posts I can't. Please repair it. Thank you.
Really good.
Keeps for-closing nd take time to pop open .
Not downloading video facebook I am not satsfaide this update
It make my phone slow... try to fix it... and I would rather use old version than ur updates... it sucks
Yo
Awesome aap
Super
I need you .plese give me.what your happen?  you give fb .I feeling happy . fb is very good .thankyou .
I installed it and i unplugged my galaxy S4 off the charger.  In a span of 5 hours my battery went from 100% to 32%.  I lost 5% in just ten minutes of idle while i was eating at IHOP so it will not be installed ever again on my phone until they fix it. Maybe its time to move completely to Google + and forget facebook
Can't message anyone. Tablet freezes.
Superb
Slow
With phones providing just 1g.b app installation space, fb and its messenger takes more than 100m.b for installation and data,we wont be left with space for other apps.. Fix that.. Dont have only moto or samsung phones in ur mind when u package ur application..
This is crap, it always crashes and it never does what you want it to. I never rate nor do I write reviews, but this is just unacceptable for such a big company to make such a shite app.
its not working. Its not letting me in.
So fast and a fantastic app. Loved it
jad fony 5
I hate
Tell friends about it
Mast
I want to save posted photos
Needs option to leave profile the same can't see all my posts anymore!!!
And you think the new update is better, why? It's beyond horrible!
Works great
Good update
Garbage!  Wouldnt load anything,  not even my own profile...so uninstalled and reinstalled. ..now it wont login at all...brilliant :/
I love facebook
Facebook stopped working & signed me out. When I tried to sign back in it is telling me "unexpected error,  please try again later". I uninstalled and reinstalled but nothing helped. Please fix!!!
Beautiful
Nice
Update sucks.. takes ages to load things.. please fix it
Ziya
It's just ok but I think old version is better
Good I'm sure
SHNY
122
Killing Space for Other apps
I can find all my old friend
always crashing
Din
Great app to use and the new update is better
Excellent
The new update suck! Keeps knocking me off. Change it back.
New update is slower
Good
Force closes everytime i open it needs to be fixed
Fix the bloody thing
Facebook
FaceBook Does Nothing But ForeCloses ON me Whats The Purpose. of Having An App That constantly Shuts Down FIX IT
The messenger doesn't show another person's message sometimes untill I'll reply
Live life king size
It was bad before but the new update made my phone so slow I couldn't use it. Uninstalled it and my phone is good again. Facebook, you need to test lower spec phones or release a lite version.

Pure unadulterated poop!
11112222
Good
Facebook
I dont  how installed
Not happy that it keeps closing down when i am looking at posts 
New update increased launching time... Keeps on loading "setting up" screen :(
Att
I love this apps it has connected me to all my friends
The personal info this app requires is crazy!
NananbNznzn
Fabulous
Don't like
So slow...
Facebook staff never heard the saying: why fix something that isnt broken? U got it right on first time and you just keep screwing it up more and more everytime. Edit: found new feature...crashing every 2min. If i try to delete something it will crash. Edit now crashes every 20sec.
Works quicker
zj
Nice
Not up to date and some things i cant even get into.  I wish i didn't "update".  Slower than dial up

Loved it
Always running and occupying RAM memory.. is it because messenger integration..??
Nice app's
Nice
Frequently freezes..simply the worst app
It works on my phone and computer but keeps shutting down on my tablet
I love Facebook
Awesome I love it good for chatting to your friends
Chatting doesn't work without installing stupid messenger app.
reliable
It takes too much space and it always force close it lags all the time , please fix it.
There is no reason  this app should access my app history and call log, contacts, location, etc.
But very slow to browse
Good
It very good
NYC BT time waste
Very best app excellent
Facebok
Great
This app restricts us from viewing messages and forces us to download the Messenger app.
Nice
Love it
like it
Wap
Running
i dont like the style.i like before its peachy
Oksave

I like it very much....
New update wont open
I am a page manger but i cant change how i am acting please update and add it
But i loved it
Excellent
From the time I did this new update some of the photos are loaded N they come out as  full blank & black photos & some of the photos which I've seen beforehand they are also coming black pls fix this if this problem would not have occurred I would have given it 5 stars
New update is Nice
Suresh.
Evry time invite for massinger
Weast
Vest social site
Good job
great software
I love this apps
It is not working
Love dz app
I really hate don't see the news that I care first..
Get me faster mesengger
Best social media
Nice apppppppppppppppppp
great social media application. thanks Mark.
Amazing!!
The updt iz superbbb ...keep it up
Crap
It consumes almost 1 GB of my phone's memory. 
I loved this app
Useful in connecting wid Globe, Good at updating news, Security updates are good, Xpressing our views as a status at its best...Only problem is i hate game requests...
Good
Nimrod2007
Guddd onee
It keeps on bringing me back to the newest feed after i view a link. FIX THIS
Not bad
Its taking forever to just install I'm getting pretty mad I think this app I'd awful!!! If you fix it I'll give a better rating
Crashes on my phone, does not load pictures,  veeeery slow....
Keeps closing on me. Can't keep it open for more than a few seconds,  especially when accessing messages & notifications.  (Samsung Galaxy Tab)
I like it
Good
Gud
;)
Takes up too much ram running in the background. Other than that. Great app.
Loved it
Excellent app
Nyc appx
keeps loging me out.
Keeps force closing on my tab 3 can't use it anymore, have deleted and re installed several times. Have contacted facebook but no reply. Have to use the web based version but thats rubbish on a tablet. ...dont install
Aromatherapy massage, Shellac, luxury pedicures,  facials.
Blows.
This app wants access to so many personal details it's crazy. You do realise folks that this app will get more data from you the moment you use it than years of using Facebook.
I Super Loved it
AWESOME
Love it
Excellent
Too Fast And Easy To Use.
It's super laggy even if there aren't other apps running  "Turn off notifications" doesn't work
So many updates are supposed to make this app better, but they are making it worse.    App crashes everytime I open it. Please fix this thing, give us an update that really WORK!!!
So annoying
Stop updating all the time it's annoying.  And stop ease dropping on people's devises. You are stalking people!!
Its taken over the world bigger than twitter
It's way slower than before advise to people who havnt updated yet don't update!!!!
Its fantastic to connect my friends.
Slow version ice
Keeps sticking and freezing. It works ok for a while but then have to constantly uninstall and reinstall.
What I said last week that remove the "setting up the facebook" and "just a moment." And now in  5 to 10 seconds I'm in the facebook already. Good! That's what I'm looking for. Here 5 stars for you. Enjoy! :)
In my phone lava iris 455 this app work very well..
It is very slow and it closes me out a lot. Fix this and i will give a better rating.
But nobody is texting to me and my friend in there is not texting me am going to delete on next week they all said they hate me
This works
Excellent.....
Kannanfasani
Excellent
Works fairly well. But since the point of having Facebook on my mobile is to be easy to keep in touch with, it is beyond stupid to have the messenger in a separate app. These things only have so much space!
Nice apps... I love to use this every time.....
Nagyon j¨®!!!
Its OK!!
dis new vision is dope
Its amazing
Nothing interesting
This update is so slow.  Will not update news feed.
Nice app
Doesn't loads properly and gets force closed.
nice
The older version is more better than  this new one, please fix it, because this new version is very slow,  only then i can give a better star.
Good
Gyan thapa
Awsome app and keep it up!
I like it
Nice faster to connected
Cool
Nice one!!
Tends to freeze and stalls while scrolling. Galaxy S5
Its stopping all the time and its very slowly . Fix it as soon as possible please .
Great but sometimes has problems with commenting.Other things work perfect.
I don't even understand anything here jooor
It is really helpful.... Hell its a lot faster
Always a notification popup and say "Facebook isn't responding, do you want to close it?" And apart from that it work slow, my phone is Tecno M3 with android version 4.2.2. Please fix this and improve the performance
Facebook
After update it is not showing any update in timeline ...I am receiving no update in Facebook for 6 hours after this update...
Works well
This is the best version I ever had. Almost without problems.
uses alot of RAM ...
In most of the updates , there is an increase in reliability and speed and sometimes bug fixes . Nothing except this .
Very
For an older version
Easy to keep in touch with friends
Nice app
Really slow
Good
Great app for android phone.
Nice
nice to.share
Slow but good
.
Every stupid update adds more space taken from the ROM
It's great but why do we have to update it daily......... By the way its great........
Facbook
For new version
Not working. .and keeps loading without showing feeds
It no longer display images after the update
Alwayz force closes plz fix it or it may become a serious issue forward.
Superb app
You never get bord
I love the older version this one just sucks i mean i get updates from a week ago basicly. Change it than i'll rate better
Hate the messenger,  hate that it closes whenever it feels like it, hate that it is unreliable and hate updating every day and it continuing to not improve....doesn't make sense
Facebook
Iloveit
No privacy. Just a spy tool!!
In night time soo much of brightness it effect on eyes so, include night mode. While uploading photos their is seeing all photos. Here selecting photo on mobile take more time. So, insert folder view.
better app,thank all
#Decency
He is very bad bcz always update I don't like
Nothing like anything
It is somehow good
Just installed on a new Galaxy Tablet and it keeps crashing.. will let me open FB for a moment but as soon as i try to scroll or view a pic or anything for that matter, it will just shut down.
Ok
Loved it
Nice
Good
Taking much memory
I love it
This app is getting worse and worse. Half way reading through a post when the app automatically refreshes and takes you right back to the top again. So f annoying
After the updates it slows down my phone and whenever i open my app it crashes down...its really an inconvenience..
Wwwwwww
optimize it for tablets!!
It s best social app I like it *****star
:(
Nice application all friends download this application thank you.
Good
Very good
Best
Same problem as Jeffrey ruple
Rascal it did not update shameless i an uninstalling it handu
Good
It's very good application to connect with friends through internet anywhere in the world
A full blooded Lepercon with a Facebook account is a "Lucky" idea!
They kept having me resign up. Then I got kicked off for having to many accounts. Now I am having trouble getting back on.when it's working I really enjoy fb.
This app needs update too much I only updated it last week yet when you do update it crushies and can't update the news feed everytime it's always the same thing please try and sort it out
GOOD
Awesome
SUPERB
Rashid Rsm
Very useful
An absolute waste of disc space that closes randomly during any attempt to use. Before I wrote this, I opened the app, and it closed immediately. I restarted it and it allowed me to look at my newsfeed for a whole 3 seconds before it closed again. Facebook needs to buck it's ideas up and not release software that is not fit for purpose.
So far so good
Very interesting
Excellent
Finally
Nice and lovely to share with this app
Nic 1
nicely
help?
Boring
Very good
Why it closed
Updates are horrible, speed horrible, app keeps closing on its on....just horrible all around
(Y)
Niceapp
This app is okay, except for some things. It usually runs smooth, but every once in a while it gets really choppy, freezes, and eventually force closes. Another thing is that it takes up a large amount of memory, even if you move to SD. I also don't understand why it needs to have access to my text messages. That's kind of wrong in my opinion.
The photo loading  process is dam slow in this app....
Keeps getting slower and slower. I've always had this app, with a few problems but it was OK. Now I'm being forced to uninstall it, which is crappy.
AMAZING APP
Cannot open other users profile by tapping on their name. Only when tapping on the profile picture, but that is not available in all cases.
Nice app
ty
Very slow, but k
My Facebook style doesnt Change . I thought there is a new style of facebook . Please help
Please fix it.
Whenever i open the app it wont load at some point it made me think that is there something wrong with my phone..but no its the app!! Grrrr
M
Unable to play videos.
Lik¨¨
I love it
Nice app
After new update Facebook app doesn't update the new feed. Absolute rubbish! Have to use the browser. Sort it out.
Awesome
It is closed again and again .. It is not working good , even after updating this :(
Love it
It used to work flawlessly on my galaxy tab 3 10.1 but it crashes now... every time i open it... two stars.... please for the love of all that is electronic, help me!
Its my birthday today
Love this
The new update made it so sloooooooow I can't even open up the app. I only use chrome browser now to open my fb account. 
Hart hart tururu
need improvements.... getting slower after each update....
Keeps shutting off
Because I love to play games
Gooooooid
I can't write status!!!!!
Me!!
Acha hai
Can't read my messages and much more slower
...and don't get me started on the FB chat app; that app is the worst!
Not comfortable with the added permissions required. Im not using home or messenger.
I like the new version.
What the hell Facebook? The app was fine until this new update. What the hell did you really fix? Why am I seeing post from days ago? Why isn't there a button for me to see the most recent like there was yesterday? This is 2014 your app seems like a 1999 app. #lame.
Fb
App crashes all the time on my tablet. Need to fix it. Updates don't make a difference.
Yeah it son of a gun
i can't live without facebook
Good
Loved it
Great
Cool
Fb
Nothing is systematicallu arranged and cannot do d anything. Even chat list isn't working. Facebook-tried to improved. Failed!
Now it's slower than ever! Great work!
This is good
I wnt 2 give betr rtng but its 2 slow plz fix it
Gue
Can't refresh news feed and can't see pictures
J'p
I love fb
laggy
Getting better each update.
A good way for keeping in touch with the world... Ur never behind or out dated...
Just love fb
Faster than ever.
Love this app very handy to use
Try it
good
Good popular sup my bros
Good but some problem
Facebook
Good
Worthless peice of crap. Closes the second it opens, or if I try to tap anything open, or scroll! Sooooo frustrating. HATE IT.
Y
Takes a load.. and eats up my RAM..fix it
Great app.
I love this app so much cz it keep me in contact with society
Facebook itself is ok on my galaxy s3 but the messenger app won't work once my 4G data is used up
By:stampylongnose
Fun chat
Super
Need more updates
Guffy
this application is very nice but it takes too much space
It keeps allways close. Why when i opEn thE app it will close automatically?
Goood
Life is good
Never take messenger
Buseness Man
Nay  Lin  Win
Update is making it slower
AWESOME
fix it #hatedit
Good not better
I like it very much this is a simple and best app
But Change the Graphics please!
I love fb
Awesome
Error shown in LG P500 after update
Nice app

Like it
why always facebook lag my phone? and last news feed is too old, why?
Excellent!
Nop Is not hppnng to   me No Like
§´§à§â§Þ§à§Ù§Ú§ä §Ú §á§à§Ü§Ñ§Ù§í§Ó§Ñ§Ö§ä §ã§ä§Ñ§â§í§Ö §á§à§ã§ä§í.
yo
Awesome
Error 491
How come u can't opn my ther is notification. .but newsfeed no..I cnt post ..pls . help me to fix this
great
I love fb.*
Where people are headed in life.
The previous version was much faster in loading and updating feeds...the update has made it snail speed..
U
Stop the forced use of fb messenger . You already have as much of my privacy as your gonna get. Whats your purpose in needing to access my phones camera and microphone. NOT WORTH MY TIME ANYMORE!!!

Facebook ka matlab fek book
Crash crash... keep on crashing... I hate it so much
i can not log in , unkown error ocured
It's been years and millions of the same request. . Please.  Add.  A.  Tablet.  Version. . Thank you
Facebook
It keeps crashing on my samsung galaxy tablet 10.1
Graphics r really well
Marvellous
I like the older one
Good..
Good
Old version is best version
i cant install it again... so my messenger is unfortunately stopped now.... grrrr!
After new update my Facebook is not opening and in my previous Facebook they are forced me to update it ..please solve my this problem as early as soon possible Thanx a lot
My news feed and my messaged no longer load. It just gives me a black page. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling as well as restarting my phone, please fix this
Facebook freezes like it's in the North pole on the Galaxy Note3
Good.
Beautiful apps
Bad !!!!!after i install it  takes all of my internal storage and when i uninstall this update it also deleted my factory model of facebook on my phone
Rocking
In any of the recent updates to fb mobile app, Custom privacy option is removed. Although this option is there when you open the website. What on Earth could be the reason to do this? Most of the posts are done by a user from mobile device and no option to set custom privacy is irritating. Please fix it and have same functionality across different platforms and give same experience to the end user.
Apps
The new update just sucks.. *Do not update*
Exilant
Staten Island New York
love it
Labrador
Keep force closing as soon as I open facebook
Nice
Lagna
Fairly poor experience on Android tablets & phones.  STILL no preview inserted when adding a URL to a status update (like web ver) - utterly bizarre and prevents proper sharing from mobile!   Other annoyances: ignores notification mute on SGS4 (call volume instead?); horizontal space wasted on tablet (could easily fit in the side menus + profile link, make posts more readably presented etc); can't edit custom permissions for existing posts; can't use the Translate feature; no prompt when deleting post.
Nyc
Okay
Crashes on startup everytime. Before this problem appeared, sometimes it simply wouldn't load anything. Too many updates and no fixes. Pretty much useless app in tablets.
new news feeds cant view if you have slow internet connection. thats why sometimes its most advisable to use the web version on mobile instead of this crap app just to view the new notification. i like the older version that you have the option to 3rd party player to watch video
Pictures are not loading!! Grrrrrrrr.....it's always something with this app!
Superb
Excellent
Wtf this new update just get a blue screen fix it asap not just on my tablet but even my phone no face book after today's update
What
Cant even open it. And it slows my phone down. Sucks because up until the last few updates it worked fine.
Hangs a lot!
Why fb nead more than 100mb to get logged?
Being a good boy!!
Very slow in 3g networks.
Hfi
Hu
Always freezing up on me sucks fix it now so annoying
For chat we must download massanger :(
Slow
4 out of 5
I very like this apps,,,u can search and view all ur friends.
I like this app
I hate that it refreshes every time I'm trying to go thru all the new feed. Does it randomly and brings me all the way to the top and if I'm in the middle of reading something then I have to go back and find it
Super like
I can't read messages without downloading messenger...this app sucks dont install it total waste of time
Sweet
Thanks God for what I am
New update is slower than before and keeps foreclosing on me plz fix than I give a better rating..
crap
The new update is better, but what I don't understand is why we should also get messenger because my phone's ram is poor and y'all know that the fb app chews about 200mb of ram!
Simply superb can directly talk and chat with my friends .overseas.
OK what.  Ebe
This app has some bugs on my phone. Gets the job done, though.
its The best!!
Social network
Yep ;)
yogesh jain
Like
Mast..
Awesome
I need
230MBs are you kidding me!?
Niv
Keeps crashing
HAVIng a force close problem using my samsung galaxy pocket

Super
Nice
Good
Google+ is better :p
The latest update is horrible. I don't care about posts from five days ago, no matter how popular they were five days ago. Have to go out of news feed and into the notebook icon to see just the latest posts. Then go back to news feed and it still shows old posts. And the notification on my home screen won't go away. I've checked my Facebook, it still says I have notifications. It's just annoying to see that little number circled in red when I know I don't have any notifications.
is it really necessary to update almost everyday? It consumes my memory!
The app kept closing down whenever I tried to click on any link.
love it
Thanx
Good
Too slow,,,,
cant talk..its awesome
Good
Very nice
Sandip khadka
The new update caused my phone to only update my news feed over the cell towers as soon do turn WiFi on immediate error happens fix plz
Bangsat
Best
Not even lasting a second before it crashes please fix it up as soon as possible.
lovely
U
What do you expect? There's a reason everyone is looking for an alternative to it.
Quite resourceful, I guess
After update it works better....
Cooooooool
Good
gud
^_^
I don't understand why when I log on it freeze's up!!!
Nice idea with the swiping, shame it doesn't work very well anymore.
This is an excellent App, very good Social networking site!
198900
Amazing
I dont like facebook messenger
Log in
Because. Is all people. I know
When i open facebook it wont load the news feeds and when i refresh it, it says error loading news feed same goes for messenger it wont let me send messages and recieve
Etawah
not to bad
Very  fast
It take 10 min to open.and after open it crashed
Very very very happy
o_O
Sometimes it doesn't let me tag people
All of a sudden I cannot access FB on my tablet.  This issue of app crashing, freezing, and closing seconds after you open it is ridiculous.  Please Fix.
Nice
hirap i download
i don't want to use your messenger app! only workaround is to clear the apps data amd re-login. it's horrible.
Good
Good
Excellent
Bring back messages in app
Best
It's force to install the messenger
Mast
Since this last update it crashes every 30 seconds.  This sucks
Shahid av
Invasion of privacy. . To much space is taken up .. fix this. And we shouldn't be required to have messenger. Bs application! ! And it just plain sucks.  To many bugs
Keeps loding and loding but dosen't opee
Old fashion and dull looking , should change to ios look and or material,
Use it..it not.still better than my space
This app is great.  
Why do I have to keep goin back to apps to get into my FB?? Its crazy...
Every time i open and go to leave a comment or anything it shuts down. Sometimes i can scroll through the new feed other times if i got to click on somthing to comment it just closes.
Fire (tgs
Better than last version visually.
can't copy texts and posts .. need update.
Update actually made it worse
Foarte bun!O retea de socializare foarte buna zic eu!
Since the last update, it crashes constantly, and will only work when connected to wifi. Please fix this!!!!! Still not working unless connected to wifi...
Pero... Cuando vais a integrar los v¨ªdeos subidos y etiquetados en la aplicaci¨®n????
Go nawaz go
Amazing ;))
I have no fb
Why this app need messenger
best app ever made
App keeps closing right after I open it. Already sent two emails for help and no one has answered.
Att
Smooth
Y
Not optimized for tablets
Show me things I want to see, not you think I want to see.
The more the upgrade,the better this application....!!!!!! :)
Great app
Issue I have is my posts show status from 3 days ago and then right under it..it shows a post some one made like 15 mins ago same with most recent why couldn't you just leave the news feed alone!! Its not fun having to like someone's status they posted 3 days ago because I didnt see it all until now!! I refuse to go to everyone's profile to see what their status is or what they posted!! Fix this and ill easily give it a 5
Rishi
Having trouble playing videos now
Nice
Lelet
So sweet plus helpful so kind they help children in africa
:)
My only concern is that now u HAVE to have messenger to chat, which really sucks.
Good app
Its amazing
App crashes on load. 3 updates later, no change. Your app sucks. I'm available to code, cheap. Let me know, because the idiots you have right now should be digging ditches.
Great App
Its interesting
Boss
The latest release brought troubles for me - most of the photos other people post do not load at all.  I wish that could be fixed.
NOW 4 months later and it's still not working right. Worked for 2 minutes. Error loading, error loading, error loading. Updated, can't login to fb
THAT'S FACE IT'S THE TRUTH........
Stupid....need messenger for messaging
Yes
Hey
Super
It's getting crash
It doesn't load all the photos in my news feed even when i press the retry button. Please fix. The older version was cool and without any porblems.
Every time an update comes, the app freezes and crashes. Irritating!!!! I've deleted the app but i'm going to try to install it again. If it doesn't work, i'm done with it all together. I'm tired of this crap.
Os nice to us
Good
Wonderful
After the update it has become worst even if we like any pic or any status it's not getting updated and also images are not loading even if we have high speed internet please fix this .
The new updates all the time suck... Why keep messing up something that isn't broken...
Good apps
I already do not like it...
Love This
Qwerty Qwerty Qweeerty Qweerrrtyy
Every time I open it,  it says please log in again. fix this.
Authentic
Great!
Can't view photos other than in news feed! Crap
De mal en peor.
Ok
Awsome lol
And it takes alot of data usage .. Pls fixed ... I already uninstall it because it takes a lot of data usage
Facebook
What is wrong with this thing?! Worked fine a couple days ago, now it's saying no internet connection. Web browser works fine...
UGH FINALLY IT DOESN'T LAGG
Im tired of trying to use this app on my tablet and before i can do anything it closes itself out. Totally ridiculous and a waste of time.
Requires updates daily
I loved it if we can send friend's request.
Like the app.
Seems like they forgot about the dual core phones. Everything but Facebook runs well on my xperia.
It is easy for browsing
To connect relationship
Good app but wasting too much time lol
I get to text my cuzins and my family and get to do alot of fun stuff
I had to use Messenger and I fit DAILY updates. Stahp.
Goood App bt takes more memory, successfully sloved by uninstalling..(y)
Seriously, this app is terrible. If it wasn't for my family and friends, I wouldn't even have a Facebook. It's still crashing on startup, and I really don't appreciate having to download ANOTHER app to look at my messages which will use EVEN MORE of my LIMITED Verizon data. I only get 2.5G a month. The Facebook app itself uses most of it. And notifications on statuses that I've commented on DOES NOT work.
Nice app
Face
Crashes
OK lng
Hai ver
Nice
Nice
Does not work half the time on my tablet but works fine on my phone. Makes no sense when they are both on the same carrier. Please fix this!!
Yes
Nice
Awful
Gr8
Down load slow
this is amazing
Love it
Loved it
nice
Too long to load.
Baejutiful
Really its fast
I love this app it is very good for running in detailed vice plz keep updates
Seriously just use the iOS design don't need to come up with a new one or anything .
Its slow nd boring there should be backgrounds .... this will make it more intresting ........
Womb
Stupid update!  Uninstalling!
:)
Update is a bit slower
Friends in the world
Is it just me or this version just crashes everytime i scroll down. Does anyone esle have the same issue?

I dont download it !!! :3
Big society at the cost of small one
The requested page cannot be found.
What is going on with FB since the recent update?  I can't get past one minute without it shutting down over and over again! Sometimes it's every 30 seconds! Samsung tab 3 10.1....it KEEPS CRASHING! I see many people are having the same issue. Please fix it!! Your updates have BUGS!!! FIX THE UPDATE FB!!!!!!  DO you read these issues FB? Please let us  know at least that you are aware and trying to resolve....please FIX!!!!!!
very useful
Nice
Takes forever to load time line and force closes a lot. Really annoying.
This is my favourite  we'd site:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)love it
|______|
My facebook app just has a mind if its own and closes when it wants too as soon as it pops up it closes and the loading is extra slow on the log in
Yaaas
Ok lhaa
Good
Love it
Can we get some organization in the news feed and the most recent?? Why is everything all out of order?? - update: I still am wondering about this.
Why is it sooo slooow. Takes forever to come up. And then new posts, send you right to them. NO let me go to the new posts when I'm ready. This interrupted many comments I was posting and could not get back to. And wow this app sucks data like crazy! Not happy with it. .might even remove and just log on thru internet. Sorry you need to improve this app!
Loved it
Doesn't seem to ever want to work.

Good
I love it
I it great
Fb
AngelGabrielAlicea
Good working
good
I don't like the new changes. Every time I get updates down here comes a new one.
Djaujunchun_sufianto
Gr8
I love it because they do updates quite often.
Waa hoo
Gf
Ramji kanji
Cool
Kerana happy
Best
The latest update has too many bugs, the app randomly closes while using it!.
wow
They fix issues then change other things for the worse. Facebook could be so much better if they listen to users....
Must've needed time to adjust to the new update, sorry about the negativity. Its going well now, but yeah please lessen the amount of updates because some of us do have limited space for our apps - like me! Hehe
For an older version!
Can't open any Web Links any longer. I click the link,  Chrome launches,  but doesn't do anything.
It crashes everytime i open it... can't view my account anymore in my tablet. Really disappointed.
Cant open up cant scroll and I thought I was the only one complaining so as you can tell you have a problem so at least try to improve your product because right now its HORRIBLE!!!
Feel so fresh
why isnt download my cp
Great Application
Usted
Good
Good app
where we want to see we can see
good
I can't post or do anything anymore without it shutting down. What the heck??!! What's the sense of putting it on my tablet if I can't leave a comment or like it without it shutting down all the time. It is so frustrating. Even when I scroll thru it stops. Please fix and then maybe I'll give it more stars.
Some things cOuld be better, like messaging, I miss being able to do everything within one app.
Aku galaxy y
Sluggish!
I like facebook Thankful sir
Veri nice apps
Timepass karne ka sabse mast software
Updated my FB and now won't work on my Galaxy Tab...please fix this...keeps shutting down afetr a few secounds
It works much better and i like how fast it is
Great
Ch
Please please fix this app.. it crashes every time i try to scroll through. . I can't even use it....
Garbage. Been getting errors accessing news feed for a few weeks now.
Something is messed up. Doesn't work as good as it once did. Just going to use browser. Actually Facebook in general has really gone down hill with the whole messanger and name changing garbage.
Will not stay open. Crashes every time I go in and then go back, it crashes closes while surfing in Fb. Please fix.
Keeps running. Computer is simpler, runs but does not take up extra MB to chew up. In nothing flat.
It will force close when I scroll so far down and freeze my phone that. I have to restart my phone 5-10  times a day because of this. Please fix!! Samsung Galaxy Centura!!
Lol
THIS IS COOL
i love it
Can't upload a video!
Awesome
This is a very good apps
Go to comment or look at a link and it takes you back to your main page.  Wtf your updates are as pointless as a round turd. I shall call you face space.
I like so much...
Lord18
Liking the new update :)
After an update a few weeks ago my facebook & that of several friends constantly crashes while scrolling through news feed.....and don't even think of clicking like or comment cuz that is an immediate crash!!    This is so very frustrating!! I hope you will please look into this issue & correct it soon, otherwise I will be moving on to a different social media format -- forever leaving facebook behind.
HAPPY 1 billion downloads
Veer sa priv¨¦ and desk hulk
love it
Takes lots of ram and time for processing
New style is great. Now perfect 23 oct 2014
Love.it
Need to keep communication with all your love ones
Can't upload videos
Awsm aap
C
I can never sign in.
Love Facebook
Indn
Crashing randomly.
Don't kno wat happened but for some reason after that last update my Facebook has been opening up very slow and now when I try to open it not only does it run slow but it closes out now... Fix It Plz!!
The best way to keep up and stay in touch with fam and friends
Good
I had to uninstall app because everytime I tried to comment or click on any link, or even have Facebook open for more than a minute it would crash. Trying one more time and if it isn't fixed, I'm uninstalling permanently from my Galaxy tab! Ok guess it's time to uninstall again. Still closes unexpectedly. PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM.  GRRRRR
Nice
fix the app
After I updated every time I try to go on Facebook it just stays at the loading page and it slows down my phone so I have to completely shut it off every time
This app is so good i really like this FB app
Coll
This raw
Not like any thing
I really like this app but I rather have my newsfeed be updated to my most recent
Galaxy s3 slows my phone down so much
N
I have a samsung galaxy tab3. And everytime I click on my profile after 10sec it shuts off. It worked perfectly before but after the update it gone crazy. Someone needs to fix this asap
Can we please turn off notifications on photos and also in groups?! I have to log into the computer to turn these notifications off! Annoying!
We need an HD button I  videos, like on iOS.
Every time Facebook updates it signs me out and freezes up or clicks off
Awesome!!!!!!!
..chandu
Very good
LIKE CHEATING, I Love My Family and  I  Love My Curlture
Floor
New update makes all pictures blank except for a refresh arrow and you can hit it a dozen times and the picture still doesn't show up. Statuses, photo albums, profile pictures, videos. None of them show. 
super i like this app!!
Iloveit
Bounce
Crashes when I change pages.
I can play darude sandstorm in facebook now
Thinks
Why isn't the app opening, it keeps crashing
Anaviso
the new update gets laggy...please fix this, i uninstall the update...
Since our internet connection is also slow i thought its the reason i cant also open photos and pics in this app. But I tried to open fb in other browsers and it is much faster to open pics, vids etc. Can you please make an update soon and work on this problems. Thank you.
I love the updates but i want to get rid of all the msg's!! Why can't it be done?????
Will not load with current activity...uninstall install to open..smh..
Shrawanlal.bhada
Face book is so cool.
Will no longer load half the pics and vids. Using Wi-Fi or my own data....
Will not load any pictures!
Noticed lately that there's an increase in misdirected external links when clicking on a post. Shutting the app down and clearing the cache seem to help but it quickly starts again.
Love it
Awesome!
Facebook is NOT OPENING !! I spend an hour or so to open it but it still wont open and it makes my phone lagged and slows my phone !
Unkown error during application install..  Please help i cant install this app .. I give 5 star if u fix this problem
Lalopatel
Cut up!
Still very slow, and crashes often...also, why do you need permission for phone calls...taking it a little far for a social media app
Fantastic
I keep getting an error message when my news feed tries to load
Just as with the website and all fb products its not all its cracked up to be.
App becomes unstable after using  1 month. It's not smooth anymore,like older ver. My device is LG SU640
Excellent
Very thankful of this social site, because i found my old friends and relatives
Saso stojkov
It is social sites where every friends are meeting together
I hate every time I make a Facebook it always tells me it's logging me out for identity purposes. Then when I do the survey, it tells me my Facebook is deleted.
I cant download fb cause its very big memory
Best
Nice
Cool doesn't use as much data
ths s worse ever. i can open and yet i pay for it.
Love it..
Good
wont load videos very slow keeps saying something went wrong please try again an wont load please help

Account
Hate facebook haha
I absolutely love my Facebook and all my Wonderful friends!!!
after the initial upgrade on the app,  Facebook keeps freezing and just shuts down.  pleasr fix!
Once again It is very slow it never wants to display pictures or videos on my news feed I keep having to Uninstall and install my husband the same phone I do and his does not do it
THIS IS A GOOD APP I LOVE FACEBOOK SO MUCH!
Love it
Need upgrade
Super
The New update sucks worse than the last one as soon as the Facebook app has finished loading it crashes and now has become unusable hogs to much battery on my phone and crashes way to offen on my Samsung Galaxy tab 3 10.1 Please Fix
little logie
Awesome
Standard-compliant!
I

Its good
UI isnt great. Looks poor quality.
Finally it's working fine for me on my S4, thanks FB .
After I get off and log out I start getting comments on the posting that I commented on. Tell me why I do get those even though I'm logged out. Personally, I don't want that happening!
I have tried for weeks to get this app to work and it wont work!!
I don't really use the facebook or the twitter but this is fun.
Love
Excellent
Not sending me  the  activation code to set it up
Very easy and good application. I use thes application than happy..
Internal memory almost full
Good app
My phone will not even load facebook now. Im about to just remove it.
Ever since the last update its become very slow..
Why the hell you want to know everything. From call information to location!!
nice app
I love it
Sucks
Should be of choice
Still a pretty n good app
Khan
Too many updates and needs too much access to my privacy. Not worth it.
Good business
Always good to me!! Kudos fb!!
I like it thanks
Seems like the update this app more then any app EVER.  So lame
Nice
It keeps on crashing on my Samsung Tab 3 10.1. Please fix so I can use facebook.
It's imposible to use now, my news never update
Practical & nice to see apps ! Keep up the good work! !
Hate being forced to download messanger just takes up room on my available space and can't be put on .SD card
Good update
Thanks
This app has never followed Android design guidelines. Furthermore, it is absolutely atrocious on device's battery. As one of the biggest apps for Android, you should be holding yourselves to some sort of standard. I even joined the beta program, thinking your team may be working on making your app fit into the guidelines... Nope! Still looks nothing like it should, and still is constantly waking devices from deep sleep for absolutely no reason, and overall destroying battery life.
This app is a good app it workd all the time for my testra phone lol
Still no way to defaul to most recent  your top stories setting is useless. Every time I open the app I have to go to news feed settings and choose most recent to see what I want to see.
Gossipin
,so i cant chat or send a message and it crashes like no man's business ,not to mention instead of improvements i'm seeing a deterioration
I am now a member of the guys
Closes out everytime you open it and its pathetic they dont fix it its been over a month and a lot of people are complaining about it. Do something for crying out loud
I like to use Facebook apps
Has the basic features needed but some HAVE to be added. Examples are "unfollow a post" that u commented and "block an app" like game requests... please add this asap. Galaxy note 3
This update is the worst one yet. Unable to view photos, comment on statuses and just closes without notice. Please fix the bugs!
You guys make the permissions feel stalker like. I don't believe you "need" to read anything from our personal data. And just great, making us download messenger to message only? Just a ball of crap.
There needs to be an alternative Facebook app that doesn't use up too much memory because I can't use this app, it makes my phone run slow.
my friend
Like this app.
H
Everybody hates it when it is loading a news feed etc. And even you are offline in the chatbox there is still a green dot in your name..  Whats the use of offline option in the chatbox? And now, you cant see the msgs because you need a fb msgr? Another installation?! I am using this app because some app needs to connect in this fb app. I usually use opera mini for fb/surfing because operamini is better than this.
I love this app because of i can chat my friends in any kind of the world.
Ok than nothing
It awesome!!!!!
Leang kheng
Just got the new update and new version and hopefully all the old annoying issues that i had before will be resolved.
goooooooodddd
Karenni
Whatever you did as a update you have screwed up,  Facebook hardly works on my tablet now  . PLEASE FIX ASAP

Great...
Nour Morad
No comment.. Worst, worst, worst.. :/    app just stop working... And this is really sad
Still!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Freezing all the time on my s5 and on missus s4 this sucks !!FIX IT!!
Good
It works really fast
Its ok
F
Why can't you guys stick with an update that works? The app keeps crashing, the most recent option doesn't work, and my notifications from the last few weeks will not load. I got an email that said i was tagged in 11 photos but can't even find the link to see them or add them to my wall..
So far so good although stopping notifications from the dropdown arrow still does not work in this app and voice calling friends does not work either.
Wont give me my messages on time fix it plz
happy
There are updates nearly every day and still nothing is fixed
I like this
Post up boy
C'est formidable
And... I get game invite notifications! Even though it's turned off! I'd have used it otherwise, but no options to turn it off. If I don't want game invites that should be my choice. not letting me stop them destroys the fun of Facebook. I love Facebook, it's awesome for chatting with far flung relatives, friends who've moved to distant lands, I've met at parties and in the pub etc. A proper social network, the fruit of modern technology. Givin less options to stop things I don't like is counter productiv
That,s pasword
This is really starting to grow on me Evo 4g
Crap
Superb...
Ok
Hi
Best
it is awesome
Facebook
it is good
Why Every time I'm On The Facebook App It Closes Out Unexpectedly.... Very Upsetting
So good
Rate
Very slow and want it to be like fb on computer
Jida
Now your external links open within FB. Not cool
Cannot get my messages on this app. Forced to download messanger.
Not loading news feed properly and not working either do something about it
App closes after trying to open
Add reply button.
Not fast enough
Nice one
Its very good if it doesn't let you down load erase the history and should work other than that very good
Nice
Best app, for social media.
Doesn't work on WiFi when everything else does! Fix Now!
Nice.
Doesn't support Gujarati language. Can't read any post or status if written in Gujarati language
Wow I liked it's very amazing O_o
problems with images, they won't load at all
Like it alot
Cud b better
Very good
Rajinder singh

Between the "emotions" not working and seemingly every hour on the hour updates, this app is sucking it up more and more each day.
First the downloading of a second app, but this opening links in a Facebook browser is absolutely annoying.
facebook very nice software..
Latest update just gives me a blank white screen. Nexus 5, KitKat 4.4.4
Causes nothing but drama in ppl life. Ruined more relationships than drugs, I WILL NEVER HAVE AN ACCOUNT!!!!!
I really like this app its a good way to connect with friends far away
Bit addictive
ALWAYS FREEZING
Good way to faind lost freands. And relatives.
Why don't the Hashtags work anymore ....

i love it. its like news24 but only better coz i can also comment
Nasser anakallingal
Ay let me out u pocket lol
I have been using this application since many months now on Micromax canvas doodle 2 (A240)(Android version 4.2.1)..sorry to say but i never got a smooth experience....the application crashes if i try to watch videos....photos would not show....it would take forever for the photos to load...tried uninstalling and installing....nothing works....ugghhh...0 star if i could give Edit:Things are so much better now... Application works just fine... 4 stars(y)
I'm not a fan of all the updates, but I like the easy accessibility.
Would give 5 stars if they put the messaging back into one app again rather than having it seperate. Don't really understand why they changed it. It worked fine before. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
This app is the best it really comes in handy when your phone is off
H
Nour Morad
Nice
Refresh setting set to an hour, but app decides to refresh every 5 minutes. Annoying
Use it all the time to communicate with my friends and family.
I Can Talk To My Friends && Meet New People
Facebook on Android just gets worse and worse today it's just issues  I can't even open friends profiles. Why the constant  updates if it never fixes  anything ? However  it works fine on my ipad. The apple designer's  must get paid more.
Face book
Keep crash...........................................
Update this app
I use this fb app all day lol!!
Crashes every time I try to open the app...plz fix!!!
Perfect only thing is why does it need to access all these things on my phone? ?? It can read messages . Buy apps. Send messages and ring people.  Look at other accounts on the phone.  See location.  See wifi and the other phones that are connected to it. Take photos. Record me/things . It accesses way too much.  Its like it's watching me 24/7 . Dunno whether to delete it now :/
Yes I'd have stickers on comments!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A.s management
The Facebook browser is so slow. Please get rid of it
Love it
I keep getting that @#$%^!! message over and over and over since the last update.  If there is one thing Facebook is good at with they're app is to break it on a regular basis.  What's really fun is that the app just keeps right on ticking.  I can still use it just fine without any new login requirement.  It's just that @#$$%^!! message in my notification bar!  If it's not being a memory hog, or being updated to EXCLUDE messages, or any other headache or annoyance they can come up with, it's no surprise Facebook is slowly losing its userbase.  With the short attention span that the younger users have and the lack of BS tolerance from the older users, Facebook should know by now that if you break it, they will leave.  KISS - Keep it Simple & Stupid.  We used to be taught that back in the 80's about programming anything.  I'm not looking for the cure to cancer in this app, I just want the @#$%^!! thing to allow me to see my newsfeed and let me answer messages.  I guess it's to much to ask of a multi-billion dollar company.
I like it
Kh
Great app
after the last update its very laggy....the phone is freezing every time i run the app. Uninstalled
More telling us what to do with our devices.
I updated Facebook, but I can't even login. It was working fine yesterday. FIX IT!!!!!!
Guud
Hate it and all the permissions it needs. Much rather use my internet browser.
Every time I try to get on, I get kicked out.
It does wonders for my business.
I've updated facebook now it will not open at all never had an issue before.  Even after putting on my sd card won't load and takes up a lot of spave
I hate it but i love it
I'm 1/2 way between 2 & 3 stars @ the moment... The "new" fb is ok, but now when it comes 2 my game (updates) I'm NOT receiving my bonuses, etc. Who is gonna fix this problem? My phone is NOT an "old" version of nothing, brand new phone only had it 4 a month & a days. PLZ FIX SOON B4 I UNINSTALL BOTH FB & MESSENGER OFF MY PHONE 4 GOOD!!!
I even forgot my password because its fallied. It's too to hard. I have To get my new phone until I sign in
Now that all the updates are done, I have started to like the Facebook app.
Facebook is constantly closing soon after is opens and also unexpectedly closes while I'm in use of it. It seems after I did all the updates on Facebook mobile it has more problems then fixes.
Fb been force closing on galaxy tab 3. Please fix been over 2 months
Cloud
Very fun app
Please fix this it sucks
I be on it everyday 
Keeps crashing,very slow this last week...slowed down even more and crashes,24,10,14
This my facebook
loved it
Too big icon
This app sucks doesn't work at all feel like deleting my fb
Jom kita main fb sama2,hihi
Its just the best ever
Verry late up date..
Plz fix auto play video.
It's a good time to talk to your friends from a long distance
Best
Can't believe how slow the update has made just viewing app already opened has made it
Love it
Good
Cooll
Who killedt ot
It sucks!
update.... ds one is worstttt
There's plenty outside their walls. No hard feelings, just don't need it anymore.
I find it frustrating to be reading a post when the app decides to refresh the feed and put you at the beginning of the feed unannounced. Good luck getting back to what you were doing.
Good app but why got to get messenger kmt.
The app doesn't support android 2.3 anymore. You guys suck.
It's always get stuck
Keeps kicking me off and wont let me comment. It is horrible. I wish they would straighten it out.
Nice...
Used to be one app,  now two,  too much fb
Scrolling down the newsfeed is unpredictable. It goes in circles showing the same updates over and over that were posted within that hour. I use my iPad before picking up my phone. This app sucks.
WHY does the update needs to have permission to make phonecalls??? Is that legal??Will it then make calls without telling me???? Sounds more a malware than anything else. I will stop using this software until they guarantee it is 100% secure it won't call on its own. Now we know why facebook is loosing people  9 months later and still no response from Facebook!! Great helpdesk!!
World
I like them
Session timed out?
Love it
I RATE THIS ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï love it
Cannot download file in group...
So cool
Why? Why? Why?
I guess chronological order on the news feed is no longer a good idea. What is good? Seeing old news from three days ago.
I have freed 30mb above still wont let me download. If I happen to download it will just load and not go to sign in page then the app will crash and ill need to free space. I just want a facebook app that is small and easy to login and browse
Keep it running without lags,video to video would be nice for facebook,!:) awesome!
Facebook
If anyone ever reads these reviews please sort out the incompatibility/crashing issues between fb and Samsung tablets its so annoying can't do anything on facebook as it just crashes !!!!
I have a iphone 5s and there is facebook on it and when i would like to comment i can add pictures as well but on my samsung phone when i would like to comment on facebook it wont let me add pictures to my comment which i am really sad about and not just that the iphone verson of facebook has a load of stuff that the andrord verson does not have so i whold love it if the iphone verson and andrord verson had the same things so i hope you add that in a update!
This app really really consumes to much data..whyyyyyyyy
very slow app on android 2.3
Love it
Constant updates, randomly ordered posts, randomly returns to top of page, constantly changing things to make it even worse, always stops working for no reason
Mobile phone
The permissions required invade our privacy. They don't need access to my Google config, they want it so that it makes it easier to mine our information.  I'm glad that I don't have anything personal in this phone
I don't t know what happened but i can't leave my time line or click on a post without it crashing!!! It's not as bad on my phone which are both new Samsung products, but still have issues with it too
It is too slow and lags a lot, i dont know why size is too big that i could even send messages
It's slow and it don't even work half the time it was faster in the last update
Plz add the opt most recent stories
Up grade my Facebook
Love you Facebook
You put a browser in that crashes EVERY SINGLE TIME I OPEN A LINK. Thanks for pricing that your staff can get more intellectually deficient every day. It doesn't make it faster, it makes it worthless.
I HATE YOU I HATE YOU I HATE YOU I HATE YOU I HATE YOU!!!  DIE!!!!
Notifications of replies to your comments, need to link you directly to that reply, or at least your comment. Not to the top of the main post you commented on.
problem in log out.pls fix it..it takes two or three times to log out.
Social network
The news feed,comments,etc are always messed up w" unknown error" or if it is working and I click on someone to post a comment it crashes, both on my tablet AND NOW my phone. It makes me want to throw it against the wall. Everyday it's the same thing, it'll be ok 20% of the time then 80% always broken.dumb.and annoying
It won't stay open for longer than 15 seconds...
I love Facebook so much :)
I can not put ANY cover photos up .At All unless they are freshly just took shots  from my cell. I would like to use my photo Alblums that i have as a cover photo like it use to do Befor. Your Last two Up Dates also with all the Newly Added stuff going on when you post something, it is now slowing down my internet Speed. It now freezes up way to many times i didnt have these priblems untill your Last two Updates how can this be Fixed?????
Love this app
Tadooooooooooiii
Seriously Facebook, I don't think I care that a friend of a friend commented on this photograph I liked 6 days ago... I'm tired of getting notifications for stupid reasons. We don't need daily updates!!!  Plus, this app uses a lot of power.
Really good app
Cool
Freezes on video, does not load any uncached image, does not display albums in landscape mode
Very helpful for those of us who are always on the go!
Every Page
Stop with all the big updated
Asir mohd
Easy n fast
Go back to old one!!
Sucks always fails and closes I hate this app
Thank yoy fre matsh
Very good
It's Good.
I enjoy the app, the only downfall I could say would be that it force closes alot even with the updates.
Helloooo
After the last update, notifications are not shown anymore
Loved it
Im starting to hate facebook it takes up WAY to much space and laggs my phone please fix this
I can text my pics to people
Asus Zenfone 5
Without the constant updates I would probably forget Facebook exists. Thank you Facebook for reminding me on a regular basis that you still are there and needing constant attention. You are more demanding than my 1 year old daughter. She only needs updating once a month.
Cant see the recent post... note 3.
Love it
The news feed doesn't load and pictures can't be viewed. Just generally everything doesn't load since the pass couple of days. I'd to use Firefox to access my account and it's rather inconvenient.
I can't even watch any videos and I hate how it automatically refreshes the page after just like one minute. Not only that, it takes it even LONGER to send out messages to people!
Cool
V.good

Awsome but to young
Watagwan
usefull
Social media
Dis dick hoeee
Slow with note 10.1
Suggestions, why not when people want to add u as a friend, you can access his photo before you add 'em. Recognized before approved it.
Why daily a new update???
Annebabi
Love it to the fullest
Same Ol same ol
Won't open up.  Won't work even before I downloaded the new update.  WTF.  Won't open all I get is a white screen.  And then closes out.
Very Fun!  This is wanting to always be forced close.  Why in the heck is this happening ?
Battery hog. Beta version  forever.
Why do i have to have face book messenger just to message some one? It takes excessive amounts of space, i seldomly message people. It was fine before the new update, find a good layout that people like and leave it! Also im not very comfortable after reading all the invasions of privacy. Not pleased at all!!
Kool
Total waste of time with these constant updates
No more making money out of my activities for Zuckerberg. And getting rid off this 2 facebook apps  gave so much room for the RAM. That "katana" Facebook process ID takes up a huge processor  resources while on idle. Just like a "katana", it cuts like a hot knife on butter through my android "directories". Amazing.
What the tittle said
Facebook is taking for ever to down load on my galaxy s4 phone
With the new update it keeps either freezing or crashing
Everytime i open not responding.
Very nice
Good app but some time no working try to better
Good
Family
Crashing! Crashing! Crashing! EVERYTIME I try to open
facebook is five star. The app sucks. Best to keep the old internet way. Nothing fast or easy or reliable about this app.
Somehow fair
Good
Good
It crashes on Kitkat OS
Please give an option to move sd card. Otherwise its very bad.
Bullshit
It is real great
Google+ is far more superior.
English
Find good frends
Can't see any pictures in mobile version since my update.
After some time the app's data grows from 30 MB to 150-250MB. What's this?..
App
Karen
Con crashes
Love it
ok
love is in & the whole world needs it!
This app gave me cancer
Just
So good
Look for friends and family
It won't post load or let into messages keeps saying session expired logging out. So frustrating!!
Nice
Since the last update, every thing goes black after 5 sec of entering the app! Please fix facebook
Removed and never going back.
Good updates
Bd application
Since the last update I've not been able to get my updated news feed nor connect with my Messenger this is crazy because I'm having to use my 4G in order to review my face book and I'm using to much data. Please fix ASAP! !
Please remove all notifications for new messages from the app that no longer supports them. I keep turning off my message notification and somehow it resets itself every day. I can't even check the messages without the second app or going to my browser so please remove the icons.
I dislike that I can't set the feed to always show the latest posts and instead I have to go and find some "recent" list option somewhere and click it to see latest posts. I don't want top stories getting priority ever, I just want the posts in chronological order. Additionally, I have decided that I really do not like having a separate app for FB IMs. I have tried to get used to using separate messenger app and it just does not work for me. I dislike that I am forced to have both apps when one could do a well enough job. FB loses 2 stars for these two items.
Love it
Stop the facebook is n't un responding messages. ..
problems with downloading photos
Better since the last update more hands-on way faster more reliable
Every three days update ... why ?              There's no changing every update except more space taken .. why this ?
Not loving it so much now cant scroll on my tablet, keeps dropping out as soon as it opens, have tried uninstalling and reinstalling all to no avail, what is going on
Its  a biiiggg mess!!
Very very informative world.
Well i cant live without Facebook
Good
It doesn't load some images. I will  give 5 stars if you fix this on the next update.
Its a poor
Better hd look on lg3
Zindgi kisi ke jane se rukti nhi na ane se chalti h  ai par kuch log vo jagha bna jate hai dil me jo kbhi bharti nhi ap ki kmi hamesa rhge
Gud social site
Messy book
Love
Cool
Now I can't download any videos .l.
Jusus is the answer for all the world to, bro gary
Gracia
Keep it up!........
Becoming more and more invasive with all the changes. Liked it when it was a place to share with friends only.
Cold
Md.Bappi
Instant msgs fantastic
12345678
It will not work on my samsung tab 3   why?  Highly disappointed and discusted.  What is going on? FIX
Cool
Coool
To add friend with someone
Please add function which available for us change what app can run video format
Ever since the new update,  new feed won't load on 4G/HSPA+ over cellular network only works on wifi... and add a better way to upload from folders.
hi
It wont open. I have installed and uninstalled several times in the last three months on my tablet and still it doesnt work. Ypu need to fix this.
Good enough for a formal time pass
I really like Facebook app
New
Horrible. Crashes and flashes white constantly.
Superb faker point
40 Mb ram used and comically slow. Do you think google are secretly sabotaging fb for Android?  That might be an excuse for it to be this slow but otherwise fb needs to apologise for this mess.

Nice bt the profile picture not viewing someone full
Senat
i don't like this style
Getting rid until, it stops synching contacts, I don't want it! Every "improvement" seems to make things worse! There was nothing wrong with it a few years ago... Just stop!
Youre not giving us options we have to deal with this horrible app because of you
facebook
Always not responding 
yoyo komal singh
Laggy. Hard time loading news feed even when connected to WiFi. Messenger keyboard is glitchy.
Keeps saying Facebook is not responding wait report or OK please fix
Taking too much space, need to fix this immediately!!
Fb
Wow. Just wow? More than that. Fantastic, i say bravo, and if i could rate it 100 stars i would. Bravo bravo and bravo
Let's see how it works I'm trying to find my children I haven't seen in years
okay I found the edit button I an halt but I wasn't a blacked out version without having to use a hacked version please I would pay for it I know you like money :)
Freefacebook
Awesome
Female
Cant open on tablet.... or last for a few second... tried to report problem but it closed down too quick to do anything.... crap
fb friends.
Very nice updates
Ok
No comments.
Why??
Intrusive and a tool for governments to spy on their citizens.
I good all the time
Its very slow when tring to read feeds its waste in android version
One update it works fine. Next update it won't even launch. Next update features are removed. Next update features are added back.
Wen 70% Download after that its stop ,m again and agan redownload .bt not complet.i spend daily 400mb data.
Excellent
Wtf fix this!
Superb for Facebook users
Keeps force closing with latest update like a clitch.
Hate that I'm forced to use the stupid messenger app. Well guess what... I sign into Facebook on chrome if I need to read/send a message so ha!
Sagwal
Getting slower,,,
Lovely use
Awesome app. Keep up the good work

Could it be possible that on my main page it would do most recent other than going to press it?
Awful. Refuses to close properly, very buggy. Pointless.
This is great
Good
Incompatible update wtf
Crashing
Tons better since the update.
Doesn't load some pictures..videos
Stupud used to have it then uninstalled
Not well
Love
Shikh
Exelent aplication
Ok its nice apps
Love it
It's cool no complaints except seeing posts from days/weeks ago like they are new.
Great fun
Outstanding
The app crashes before it even fully boots. Wtf guys.
Best 4 motorolla mb 300
Really frustrated with the latest update... It's nothing new even in terms of speed even.. :(
I don't like the fact you have to get messenger to get your messages. You also can't see what everybody else is saying.
They recently updated how it opens links from the app, but now it won't even open most of them anymore.  I'm getting tired of these updates.
If you load more comments you have to scroll up everytime!! No quick change to recent stories anymore. No sharing into a message possible, further don't get link of a post.  Links to facebook content dont open with the app (like twitter). Cannot expand notifications. No Multitasking support. Many areas aren't native implemented (webcontent). Edit photo description, buggy select all/cut/copy/paste dialog: disappear instantly.
Now messenger not working properly and no notification
Subhan.butt
To get
Nice apps
Not a real best at times
The lastest update is terrible!  I can't open links anymore from my facebook app anymore.
Average
It's advance and fast
Very much appreciated
Why can't it show me things in order? I hit most recent out shows 3 or 4 posts from the last few minutes then skips to 5 hours away. I have to use browser version for stuff that happened 10 minutes ago.  Why does it have to be so difficult? Don't the same people make both versions?
\._./ i just love it
Saje
Five star
I love Facebook
Its perfectly, appreciate
Good
Absolute crap. News feed ok but as soon as I try to get on to someones page? It crashes. EVERY. FECKIN. TIME. Two updates  later & still doing it. Rubbish.
N 1
Hash tag links don't work.
Much Better
App crashes much before login. it was working fine before latest updates. plz make app lighter & fast
1 problum ... It's not mov to SD card ....
Good
When I was creating an account than I understand the logout method
Excellent
Excellent
Buena
It make me prob in logout on my cell ph. When I logout fb it app get hang.
Always crashing and unresponsive,please can you fix this?
It is  good and i use it alot but on my nextbook tablet it takes up to much space and I don't have a lot gigabits can you make better with less storage on my tablet
Good
Won't even let me download it, keeps saying "error -24". 
Even in high speed wifi not all picture load properly
I have a Samsung Galaxy tab and ever since i got the last update it wont let me stay on Facebook any longer than a few secs. Before I get completely knocked out & sent back to my home screen of my tablet. Wth? Plz help...
This app needs Fixing...Ev¨¨ry time I open the app.. it showa that "setting up Facebook. Then just a moment .then Facebook stopped working.. then it works... plz fix it
Hi. .friendship all ..
My only complaint as of late is the constant messenger notification that keeps coming back. I understand messenger has moved. If i wanted to install it i would. Please stop notifying me that it has moved and is a seperate app now. I get it, we all get it.
Want to give it a zero star
Ok
Not working properly...
Easy to use FB on phone using this app
Perfect
Ilikethisapp
Lupo
I use it to talk to all my family across the USA.
Nice
Its an amazing app.
So good app
Kamrul
Facebook
confomcode
Tj
Great!
Okokokkklllo
Please make the same experience as desktop
Facebook
Facebook
Keeps shutting down. Closes then shuts down tablet. Can't even open hit the icon and it completely closes everything. Sometimes tablet won't even turn on. Have to go through a whole restart. Never has this problem before and it is the only app that does this. Very frustrating.
The 'move and scale' feature for the uploading of profile pictures is irritating and it would be nice if we can upload the pictures in their original dimensions and crop the thumbnail.
I like it
Works great
Ok
H
Constantly reinstallin it although I like it I eventually gett fed up been doing this weeks
Excellent
Good
I love fb app
Why is My Talking Tom incompatible with
Facebook
Verry nice apps
Truly outstanding app
I keep happy whn i use it .bcz i connected to all my dearer n nearer n i get news
Nice
Sada mohamed
Awsome
You should add more choices in posts or share privacy options like "share with specific people" .
Older app versions were better this one is not the right size config for phones - doesn't have borders properly visible? Hate this latest update - improve please!
nice fb
Good...
Late notification and cannot see incoming message without installing facebook messenger separately
(Y)
Nice
The app is great except the fact that it will shut down on me and it really gets on my nerves. It will keep exiting out of the app and shouting down then I got a reload the app again
Holy crap, it's been the same since I first bought an android device back in 2012.
delhi
Is there a way to give this app no stars at all?
Very nice !!
Ns112233
I can't not watch videos posted on anything with this app! Not impressed!
After update new version can't load out new feed n picture,pls fix it.
Nice
changed the way to live..!!
I love it. I needed this app cause I always went on internet and its a pain in the butt every time so .....   :-)
I like it
Signal is not ok
Why i can't download it ?
Love this site.
Needs to fix the problem with not being able to use messenger
TAKES UP TOO MUCH SPACE even though I moved it to the SD card. Keeps crashing and keeps saying "Setting up Facebook". Takes forever to set up. Deinstalled untill it takesup less space and the reviews I read get better.
It keeps on hanging everytime i open photo albums. Please fix it!
Nice update
Needs more improvement in speed
Deleting this as soon as I'm done with the review. This messenger app is BS. I can't wait wait for the next social network to take you all down. Are you all so incompetent you don't realize nobody likes the mandatory messenger app? I already have a texting app, i dont need 2.
Very bad app
Its totally hell now...its open late..I have to wait 5 minutes for opening it..sometimes it doesn't open..plz remove dis problm den only I will give 5 stars to you..
Causing heaps of issues on my phone. Every day I have to uninstall, turn my phone off and reinstall. No good!
I dont dislike it, it worked great for a couple days, then it started not loading or anything. I've been uninstalling and reinstalling it, and it will work all day and start messing up again. Please fix and I will give it a higher rating.
Tooo good
Thanks
Love my fb
:-\
Goord
Great app
Nice time pass
This version not good.
Hailey
Helpful
Nice
Starting to consider if I need this app.
Semma ... Chance eh ille ...
chido
This app has way too many updates it's annoying.  Why do I need 2 apps for 1 Facebook? I don't get it....
Wahoooo nice
Make the apl unblockable so it can be used at schools wifi
It works fine on my tablet i even have no problems with it
Crap ... crash after crash ... my network really stable and still crashing at least once every hour ... PLZ do 1 update every month instead 3 times a week ...
Dts cool appsFeeling lucky? Win Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini smartphones and Samsung Galaxy 4 Tablets with Swagga! Enter for free now! Click 1 to get winning! Reply *x* if you are not interested.
Quit updating constantly! If you wanna do a good update make it moveable to the SD card so it stops wasting all the room in my phone! This app keeps becoming worse.
Very great
Too much for the new more at tech many pupils
Tired of every time I share something crap keeps coming up that just waists time
It used alot internal storage and wont open WTF
Best for using
Help
Its gd...bt sm tyms it wrks slow...
Sigimo highschool
Download
Nice
Ive updated it and i cant get my news feed up
The new update use too much space.
Love it
All the time.
K
Guldu
Keeps crashing out on my samsung tablet.  Drives me nuts.
why its so slow and didn't open properly. always  crashed. how sad. maybe i will search for alternative facebook app :(
it sucks. I cant even reply to a text. Evrytime i want to text they send me a link to download messenger.
Help me text to my family
Exellent
nice
Safwaan bhat
Peice of crap daily update what the hell and useless fb app i recommend to use uc browser for fb this application is crap and useless and more its slower like a turtle hate it now with my heart GTH ....
Very nice app
My favorite app !
I love it
Aprillee
Social
Views stuck on yoga
Since the new update I can't scroll further than an hour down my feed. It goes right to the top again.  It's slow at responding to notifications and even slower to comment!  Driving me crazy!
Nice
Superb !!!
Lovd it
No changes from past 2 months.... evry week a update comes saying improvement for reliability and speed...
For a couple days now the icon shows I have 3 notifications. I've checked if I have 0, 2 or 10 it always says "3". I've removed the icon of my screen but even in my apps it shows the 3. I then uninstalled it, and reinstalled it, THERE'S STILL A 3. How can I get it to show the accurate notifications? Please help
I have phone dull core phone 1 GB RAM
facebook
it is awesome
Rochemond St¨¦phanie
evary thing essy use
Cant upload photos
why application free space?? please me everyday download applications Facebook ..
It will be 5 stars if you add option of watching albums or photos on pages
Photo caption problem
Facebook
Yes
I can't login why?
this
Widget won't refresh or launch app, after last update.  Fix asap pls.
Fronds r closd
Tak tahu
I like this
Excellent
good! but slow proccing my phone.photo aad ing system mast.....
It helps in accessing in facebook very faster pls download it only from Google play store
Its cool
Very nice
Worst fb update I've seen yet. Takes forever to load when I click on notifications, won't automatically unlock my screen like it used to when I click on a notification, writing comments is screwy... The opposite of what it claims- slower and has more glitches
Fun and easy to use.
Jst used it & got crashed suddenly but is faster than using in a browser
Nice app
Every time i post something the app force closes. Please fix
Chutiyapa panti ka sabse bada entertainment gaandu sub k sub
Some glitches but if left alone and stop trying to force me to get messenger would be better
Buttery smooth after new update..   just one or two things .. Some functions should be added at  earliest..  application needs cut &  copy & paste to work.. And save video option must be added..
Naresh jethara
Needs the ability to add pictures into comments so add the icon like they have on the iphone!!!!
WAP
Patel
ur service z very best
I love facebook
Buh....so annoying...
I hate that the feed automatically updates so that when I'm reading a post it scrolls all the way to the bottom and I have to find it again.   Also, a dedicated messaging app...  Seriously? Hate that...
Update me more
Why do you need literally every permission on my device and stop turning your self on. All you do is take up space and RAM.
im addicted to it...
Recent update has again made it slow n stories still all over the place. Why is it now showing the last comment on each post now? Just put it back the way it was!!
Can you please refresh the UI with Google's 'Material Design'?
Facebook
Memory ram digger.
Keeps closing on its own. Running on a note 2 with kit kat
Additional app required for messages.
Abbas.bhatti
Kadapa
Worse then all apps and et 4 atari 2600
I just loved fb
Sodha
Can't get on my page can't help
Is the grading scale on the quality of the app. It's the most resource intensive app on the whole phone. There has yet to be optimizations on resources. Shame. There needs to be correction on how the news feed is auto refreshed. I'm always in the middle of reading something then it disappears. Disappointing.
Exsperience
Gud
Why can't i copy text?
Rs
If you add the feature to stop notifications for a post on the mobile app it would be nice if it actually worked and not only work when you're on the computer
I love them
N
Update says the improvements were speed. Not true. Page loads per comments not per newest. Will not save settings to stay consistent
Very happy to the app
wowwwww
Great
Murthy
App
I seem to updating this every other day, but i can't open it on my phone at all. I also can't delete it, so it's just a big waste of space. No matter how many times I sent reset my phone it won't work.
Facebook team is very very very bad and the team made me curse them because of their lack of qualities.... You have made an application which doesn't work even after clearing 84 mb of data from the internal storage.... The Entire team is loser...
Lag...
Bakes hi
If you want to bypass messenger app, uninstall and re install facebook an it will let you check your msgs from facebook without havin to download messenger, lasts for about 140-160 inbox and msg views!!!
Nice
Namni tokko jirachufi jirachu dhisun isaa hin barbachisu hala kamin jirachu isatu barachisaa yaani kun dhugaadha moo soba?
For real? I want today's updates not the ones from 3 days ago??
Its awsm i like it fast uploading etc
Each update makes this app suck more and more. No more private messages without an extra app... No thank you! I don't like it!
Too much space,less services...in addition to the messenger sucks
Erb
facebook brings friends!!!
I am not able to see news feed, cant scroll down time line & homepage,  cannot status update, cant read inbox msgs...FB is responding like a dumbo from last 2 days. What the hell is happening ??
Hii friends
Everything is nice, but I'm tired of watching a video a long way down on my news feed and when I exit, it refreshes, taking me to the top of my feed, forcing me to scroll through everything once again. Not sure if it's suppose to do this, but it's obnoxious.
Although loading is slow and it requires you to download messenger, over all its a good app
Love is my life wasi
Not bad friends
It works fine if you have a good gadget. Many people blaming the app because they have fucked up gadgets. Chill people
Nicely run
The app is so convenient
please do not update always this app 'coz it is always slow. old versions of facebook is much better than the latest/newest version. eating too much memory space like fb messenger...
Nice 1 mark
nice

Ok
Why can't I upload pictures with this last upgrade?? UGH!
Stop Daily updates !!!!!!!
Average
Chalane ke bad pata chalega kaisa hai
Lovely
It's the use full to all i tank to fb update
Excellent
AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Ok.
Kindly add photo comments option..and that smilies option in status...¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Need moreeee updates =(
Dil
Worked perfectly and and now all of a sudden it doesn't work at all unless I'm at the gym. Why?
Sip
Not very fast as brain
This app closes whenever i play video 
Lovely app for me and all people
Too many updates!!
I don't know y each time I open my Facebook tru application I only can see again and again the older one and pictures didn't come out (sigh) what happened to the fb now.....
Great app but "home" has been crashing lately.
Very Good
We cant give our old DP & Cover pic
Love the app, works well on my galaxy note 2.
We want most recent posts on home page. 1 
WoW
SHIDDHARTH
Munna
7lw
The new Facebook update is Garbage!! I cannot even get into it anymore!! Always facebook is not responding! Among all the applications,this one always makes me upset and I also learned that I am not the only one experienced this!!
Social media
Facebook is very best app for all youngsters in world
It is nice for me... :)
Greatest wayto find n keep in touch with all family n friends
Milon
bast
Good
It has been 4 days now that my Facebook account get blocked by Facebook and i have been trying to contact them to unblock my account but no reply I even sent my passport ID together with my pictures more than 5 time still no Good result please i need my account back i have many friends contact in my account please help me out
I like that very nice app
It takes long to update
Good but eatin up my phone memory
I open the app and its not updating my news feed or anything.  Can't load my menu to change to most recent.   Useless app now.
Nice social net work
It is like fb
Fithry
If i can give it 0 star i will,  i have to format my sd card because of this apps....all my data now gone...no song, no images, no video, its completely 0...
Gud
Poor update
It was so bad
Din
Cool!
I can't even open links anymore. It just closes the app. Wth, Facebook?

Very good
Sorry
Good
Good
News feed is rubbish. I'm getting 'new' posts that were posted 2-3 days ago. Missed out on a couple of cars because the news feed decided to post on my page long after they'd been sold! Sort it out fb.
I can't login why?
Good
no
Facebook
Should have been a bit more lighter and needs to have the positives of the web interface. Many stuffs still to have in dis release.
Won't open links from fb anymore. Used to be fine.
It works perfectly
Abuzar
God
Too slow. Not user friendly on other mobile phones and forever freezes wish this matter can be resolved
Super
I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app.  I can only view news feeds.  If I try to like or comment on a post or view a page the whole app shuts down.   Foget receiving a response from the support system for this app.  They don't respond to the issues you are having.  They are like that comercial with the 2 computers sitting in a data center making fun of people complaining by making that annoying dialup noise
Problem in video streaming! Whenever i play a video, it says "an unknown error occurred". Not once nor twice, every time it happens. Please fix the bug.
I liked it
Facebook is like..
Photo caption problem
Its the best app thus far
I hate when I go to click on a video or picture and the stupid comments window pops up. Im clicking directly on the picture to enlarge it!
Find out frends.
Best
Always crashing.
Excellent
Madne gopal
Google play

k
Crash and burn
Nice
Its so gud
Daily updates are excessive. And having it not load any photos or new news feed items after the last three dailies seems problematic. The app doesn't work and it's had more updates than Renee Zelwegger's face. Make it not suck.
Pagal Facebook waly
Ok
I am happy
Always asking update solve it plsssssssss. ..
Delet
Don't like it anymore. Have uninstalled it 3 times still won't open.
Not Bad Thanks
Very cool application

messenger is also open and nw i  am uploading my photos
The best thing save any pic u want just one click on ur galery.
Privacy hackers:#
Love man
Good
Improve speed
wowwwww
Nani cool
Fix Fix Fix Fix Fix the app and there Is no option for comment replying
Jamar
Gud 1
Not confirm now recently download
It keeps force closing and not responding.
Hope it makes my facebook stop acting up
coool aapp
My emojis aren't showing up
Loading and sometimes it stops automatically..so can improve
Have to uninstall 20 times a day to see news feed. Please fix
Horrible!  Yall killing me!
Facebook.won't play videos anymore after update : an unknown playback error has occured
Good
Love
after update latest version that not interest &  i'm bored to used
Awesome
App say it's installed but don't see anything on phone
Like it
Namni tokko jirachufi jirachu dhisun isaa hin barbachisu hala kamin jirachu isatu barachisaa yaani kun dhugaadha moo soba?
Very good
Nothing
We sorvive and we help me pls.
I like play store
Since I got this app on my s3 my facebook experience has been owesome, loving it great app. But costly when using mobile data
Facebook
Awesome...  :-)
Notifications for things like friends liked my shared picture or commented on something involving me still work, but those don't. Why?!
Good
Facebook
Thanks
Loved it
All good
I Love This Excellent Apps...  FACEBOOK Keeps My Life Everyday Great And Happier...
I love it.               I like it
New update hit and it won't load on wifi.
Superb application for touching up with friends
I love facebook because it connects me to all my past, present an new friends .
I am just going to say 98% Awesome
Motor grader operator
The last update is the first my phone can't use. So currently Facebook is very much useless.
Nice
Krishnajith
Ever since i updated my facebook app, it will not open. If it does, it closes quickly. Something needs to be done. Every time i update this app, it gets worse than the time before. U guys are the ones who create this stuff, shouldn't u be smart enough to make there isn't any problems with ur product. Bad move ppl.
Since new update feed has trouble refreshing on wifi. Need to move to 4G to do much
Nice
When I am notified of a comment on something I also commented on, I go to turn off notifications but only like 30% of the time it even gives the option. Sometimes it doesn't even work if it is there... And Still having a problem with videos... It states the requested page cannot be found. Other than that well it's Facebook...
Went open this app..my storage getting very low
Is a good ads has made me to chat with my allies simplier.
Facebook is a social media application which is easily contact and easily share with each other. Thanks
I like it very much
Indian bundela
Absolutely crap.phone goes blank screen, phone locks up
im unable to open any links on Facebook. Facebook just closes on its own.
Hi
Ewww!!! You screw my phone!!!
Thanks
Nicee application
I love fecebook
Nice
love to use it :) ...
Awesome.
Hate the daily updates. Seems like you could limit them to weekly or bimonthly and tell us what you updated exactly giving us the option of we want that update or not. Some updates make fb worse not better.
I hate it when my tablet turn off and open it again this facebook app. Wont open again
Nice
Very Few problems.  Note 3.
superb way to access facebook
Will give 5 stars if I can see top comments automatically in the comments section...It's IMPORTANT!!!
App getting bigger
Stupid updates. Now I can't even update my news feed. This app is dead. And also my messenger. Fix this please. This app used to be really good.
Pathetic excuse of an app! Worthless when you need to download other apps to complete it!
Want
Nice
It's not good at all just fb app made it worse , when u goes to one page when you goes back , it just start from begining
The only problem I can see right now is that I need Facebook and all its companion apps to be able to move to SD card. Fix that or no five stars!!!
Tuck
H
Very good
C
Smart search tools
franck ilove my name
Better
Takada suapan berita tak syok
Good
Hated it
Its Best App to get connected
Its really great app.......
I don't like having to install a second application for Facebook to message friends. Why wouldn't you just combine the two and make the messenger on the actual profile viewing and news feed app more efficient.  You guys probably lost a ton of costumers just from having a dumb idea there thinking it helps. We already have push notifications on the application we don't need two popping up.
Awesomeness
I like facebook app it is easy to use ....
Nice
Best app
Best experience
I've been a member since 2002 and I love Facebook!!! XOXOXOXOXO
I can't paste text into my status from another app. If I want to copy and paste a link to share, it's not possible. I also hate the fact that I need two apps for this  garbage. No thanks. I'll use the web view for messages.
Nice appl
I really like this app but its logging and eats a lot of space in my phone ! Pls. Fix . I really really like it so please do something about my concern .
I like this app so much.,because it is very comfortable for me.
Basically, I can't open it.
It's better Dan getting on the Google nd internet
After update can't update news feed.
Super
My two stars has no changed to one and if I could go lower I would. This app is constantly crashing. If I scroll down my newsfeed too fast it closes altogether.  Please fix this. I don't understand how many times this app updates why it still runs so poorly.
Very very nice!
Joke nice
Android doesn't need extra apps eating it.
Very good n nice
Facebook is a very nice app . I like it very much . It is the best social communication system
MAXHELLFIRE
This isn't working on my samsung 3 tablet. Keeps crashing every time I open it. It only works for seconds then crashes. Fix please
The news feed doesn't load and pictures can't be viewed as well for the pass couple of days. I'd to use Firefox to access my account and it's getting frustrating. FIX IT PLEASE.
Good too keep in touch with people.  Way to many ads and Facebook collects way to much personal info
Always exits; the older version works
The updates has made the Facebook app worse. Facebook. com is better. When looking at the news feed in the app, it's stupid. Something 5 minutes ago, then something 5 weeks ago, then something 5 hours ago. While viewing the feed, it flashes or updates, and something completely is in the feed. On Facebook. com, there's the sort button, I want the most recent and that's what I get, not what Facebook wants to show.
After i share any post i find a screen that pops up in my face, icant disable it, and its really annoying with some useless information
Saukat
yt
Yea
Can't click on my news feed and it keeps crashing?
I wasn' t able to open it.
Nice
I don't want to scale or crop any picture when change my profile picture using this application.
I LOVE FACEBOOK
I love it
Top
Junior Engineer in RWS&S, R.D Department, Odisha
:-)
Information
Love it
Facebook
The facebook app in my phone won't open. PLEASE fix it.
need a bit of sorting though xxxx
Samsungg
After i updated to the recent version as soon as there are any new stories the last place where i was checking the feed gets lost and it automatically  scrolls to top which sucks !! Fix it ASAP !!
love it!
Seems great Facebook since the last update. So far so good
Okey
Super
running slow in old xperia x8, any suggestion please
Good
Now its affordable
Keeps me in touch with family and friends for the most part
Very nice for the latest news
Awesome
Having some lag issue with android 5.0 is it possible for you to revise the app for lollipop. Ty nice program though
I Love Facebook... Excellente...
Very nice
Future
mustafa
Cool
I don't know why my phone won't download your app and i need it.
Love It ...!!
oh yeah!
Nice
Update
Cockzuckerberg really needs to go.
I HATE the new facebook!! Change it back to where we can change our own name AND most definitly let us block people when we want and NEED too!!!! I say take facebook down cause its complete crap now.
Datta
Nice App
Nassery
CAN'T VIEW PHOTOS! U ****!!!
after the most recent update facebook started working slow
I like this website work.
Kindly fix black screen whenevr i open this...
Nice app
Can't even log in,all it says is "just a moment",how about "put your life on hold*
Having too many issues usually love FB but cant see anything. Frustrated!
But use smart
But need a new version for android. This style doesn't look good.
I like this
Nawaz
Love it to bits
Because the BS that Facebook users have to deal with constantly is unbearable.
The new updates cant support by my android.version ....
Facebook
Love it it really save me a lot & it helped me find old friends that I thought I'll never see again and it kept me closer to my loved ones that Live far out. Thanks Facebook
Be yourself
Title says it all,  works fine over cellular.
Love facebook
Hirani
Stupid messenger
That's all folks
Good app, always on it!
It is having trouble loading, can't get app to post pics. Something is wrong, it isn't working right. Has been messed up for weeks.
Loved
Need updates
Perfect
Dont download that
We can use game on it with our tab or android mobile it also keep us connected
It keeps crashing and somehow affecting the battery performance even after alternative the settings
It wouldn't work without messenger
I can stay intouch with my family
I've been installing and unistalling  several times . When I go on a page facebook closes every time grrr fix it pls
I understand you guys removed the messages from the Facebook app to messenger but why you still leave the notification there though there no support anymore for messages on the app and I don't want dozens of apps from the same developer..so either remove it or bring back messages to the app and give back users the ability to decide which app they want!!
I does not work properly
I am love facebook
Like
Connecting with friends
Ok ok
Good
Thanks
I can't get in.
Like
Hate thoooo
quite fine
Awful!! Why should I have to install a separate app just to read messages??
Idk what's going on but FB is always disappearing. I'm in the middle of something and all of a sudden I'm at my home screen. HP TAB7 ....Just updated so we'll see! Nope! Still crashes. Barely got it loaded and it was gone. Maybe its not such a bad thing, keeps me away from fb.
I needed it. So I got it.
Facebook is really awesome n this app also otherwise urghhhhhh......i was not knowing that it works soo fast im so thankful !!
¦Ð¦É¦Á¦Í¦Å¦É ¦Ð¦Ï¦Ë¦Ô RAM!
I jas wona say dat it ix owsm appp ..... Eexy to do everything gR8 appp
Best xperience  ever..!! ;).             But should get much faster..
Like
Eyerus 12345
Every time i do anything it shuts down. .. very frustrating
FACEBOOK APP
Me time
New feed does not refresh anymore. The circular progress icon just spins round and round. It was fine until recently. Now I can't use it.
i love it its very good
Everytime i update it become worst and worst! And always not responding! I give you 1 star for that!
I've got 2gb of ram and when i install this app the left over is like 500 to 300 mb.  This app is bullshit. Ohh.. This is getting from bad to worse, v need to install separate app for message!!
What else is there to say Facebook is the bomb.
I love Facebook keeps you connected
App just exits whenever it wants in my Galaxy Tab 3. This is annoying...
Not so good..you always need to update
I like facebook
P
Awsome 
Considerate improvement
excellent mindblowing fantastic unbelieveble
Loved it
Dizzy dean
J
What's happening? It keeps on crashing and pictures won't load.. i have to wait forever to be able to see the pix.. so frustrating...
It is working, but.... there is lot of stupid things like messaging requires another app, every day big updates just to fix something what they call minor issues (all the time nearly 30MB update) and sometimes act just stupid even when you are just updating status. But still only working FB app
New updates is owsam futures.  I like it
um this app is alright but can someone please tell me how to write on someones wall cuz it does not give me the option to do that on mobile
I like so much fb
Lolzz
No
Please add fiture that give image preview when i share web link
Yups..... its realy good ;)
<3 muah
App
Crap
Good
Black
Social website is good browser fastest community to another for all friends.
Harpreet
I love it
Kitne baar update karega be...chutiye
Love is life -- life --- is--- love
Love it
I like it
Won't update properly.
Thanks
Quick aproach to all
App
ilike this
It won't even open in my device. Kindly fix.
Slow
I love it
It's Good
Pakistan
Love it
Best

Good
Waw
Very very good
Best app for facebook
Everyday activity
Msngr....
Good
Wow  Best
param
girl
very faaaaaaaaaaast
Nice
Best Social networking app
Suka
Duh
I wish there is ability to copy the text of the posts or comments. I like to save text stuff, or even paste back to make a status.
cannot be opened. If possible this app can bev  transferred to sd card or external card same with the patch and update not to internal just like instagram all apps work at xternal from there i can give 5 superb stars
Great
No idea to talk abt it.
^^
Cant save a fking video
It's easy to use . It's very good
Sometimes it just blacks out. I wonder why?
mark suckerbird sucks
So nice
This app is eating my ram
Awesome

Love it
Berat....
latest update is so bad , I cant see any pic or see more posts it hangs alot and need to restart every rime I open it .. plz fix this "bad version"
Every time it comes up Facebook is not responding my phone reboots wth is it? It happens at least twice a day Nothing on my phone works properly after sort it out please
The last update made it crash every 2 minutes and now this update crashes every time i open it, sort it out and stop giving us useless updates
Thanks for all the notifications on my task bar for facebook not staying logged in. It was working then you broke it. Fix it. Its broke
:-) :-) good
Mast
Since updates, FB continues to freeze and crash ..Aaand the app does NOT show and/or allow access to 'album' Videos?!? ..nor will it show in browzer. 
Why update every weeks????
Nice
Nice
Not gud
Nice
Suresh kumar
I love my app. But i dont like that you have to download messanger just to view your inbox or go to browser to aviod it. Needs a few updates but i love it.
Crashing with ics
I love facebook
Like it
Whenever I'm gonna log out, it won't let me. Instead it would go to home screen which is irritating. It takes forever to log out.
Support art runtime on lollipop. Please.
Nayak
Without even logged in, 130MB of storage is already used?
very gud
Good
This app crashes after I scroll down about a page's worth of posts. Facebook is starting to get really lame. **Update** 10/24/14: I've tried reinstalling three more times, and it's now reduced to a black screen. I can't even scroll four posts before it locks up. Yeah, it's official. Facebook app is worthless. A 21 MB screen saver.
El version da beykarar el commentat lewa7do
Facebook is not operating normal, it just closing out during any activity.
I like but i want  something changes in it
Great
Superrrrr
Fb
Excellent app
Every time I open the app it crashes and sends me back to my tablet desktop any clue why it does this .????
The app force closes
Oosome
What's wrong with facebook! Why would they make such an update !? Bcoz every time I update it becomes more slower and laggy !!
It's not necessary to use it.
Love it
Doesn't even open on my Samsung G2
loveit
i like it
You add stickers in comments I like it
now I cannot even open it on my note 2.
Facebook
Fast
It freezes all the time.fix  this bug.
"IT CONSTANTLY CRASHES/FORCE CLOSES!!!" After havin this app for almost 2 yrs, all of the updates you had in that time, NOT 1 fixed the problems with the crashin/force close, not loadin pages and/or pics, sayin I have no internet when my internet is fine, errors, stickin, freezin, etc, n freezin up my ph, n the so-called customer service doesn't answer you!!! It's time to FIX this mess!!!!! Not a happy customer!!!! After the latest update...? Now I mostly CAN NOT GET ON!!! Great job FB... NOT!!!!! >:-(
Why facebook have to update like all the time and yet it always crashed while scrolling in just for few second. It got me so mad while using it. Do something!
Goodmorning
YOU SHOULD MAKE IT TO WHERE YOU CAN CHANGE THE AUDIENCE FOR POSTS TO "CUSTOM" ON THE FACEBOOK APP!!!!!!!!  I have some posts I don't want to share with everyone.
Kiran dhake.....riyaz
Facebook closes instantly once I click a notification on the notifications tab. Also once I click on the messages tab it instantly closes. #NotHappy Please fix these issues.
Sometimes  can't load newsfeed
Good
Every time I logout from my id it says logging out but before  logout it stops and exits to my home screen and then  I open it again I find myself logged in then it says session expired log in again!!!plzzz fix this problem
Not more than it......
Its good for everyone...
Not at all
Looking improved.. Working fine on my phone.
Isn't working
Good
Update problems
Gud
Will not load anything since last update.  Will not update news, events or anything else
It's good
Samnang
love it
STOP with the daily updates your sending my storage into overhaul heaven
Why I have to install another app just to read my messages!!!
OMG! just done new update dated 17 Oct 2014 thats supposed to improve reliability. Well it hasn't. Keeps shutting down when trying to look at comments or like a post. Obviously STILL NOT compatible with android 4.4.2 on my tablet. I would give zero stars.
facebook
Fabulous
Thank you
This is awesome!
Facebook
Enjoyed
Doesn't run more than 20 seconds on my Samsung Tab 3. No fix in sight.
It is good if facebook messenger includes in facebook app. So it takes only one app running!! Because both two still running in background and my battery drain faster. Do it just like facebook app in iOS.
I don't receive any notifications that someone has commented on my status or anyone else's...please fix
I need,i need.........
Head teacher primary school noldanga natore
Keep updating its good to experience frequent changes.
Saya suka
Great
Yes
Good social media(I like it)
Every time I click an individual post on my newsfeed to remove it or hide one specific post, it shows back up the next time I view my newsfeeed. Please fix this!
crop i can't download it.
makan memori banyak banget
Too slow
Facebook is crashing on my samsung tablet. Please fix. Thinking about going back to myspace!!!!
Drama drama drama lol

Father of social networking sides
12345
007
After last update... Every time I enter a command or select an icon, the app shuts down and prompts me to my Samsung tablet desktop. Basically, I cannot browse through anything and this bug prevents me from making even the simplest actions with Fb app. Other users have my same issue (see other comments).
It's useful for me to keep touch each others, to get friends, etc. Thanks a lot. But I can't download & install it.
I only still have this app because its a lot easier and faster than the internet ... But , this is bloody awful .. How is it possible that 4million+ think this is a 5 star app ???
nice" <3
Nice Application
Very Very good
La app colapsa con solo abrirla y las opciones de privacidad a la hora de hacer publicaciones no funcionan como antes, ya no se pueden elegir las listas de amigos.	Se queda en blanco muchas veces y tarda en notificar... Samsung 551 Froyo
Please stop the daily update fb
Every time i open the app it saying Setting up Facebook i have to wait 2 min to open it
Manoj Kushwaha
I just dont like messenger
The new popup window crap sucks and no way to turn it off. It's annoying and a waste of time and resources
Burgers
I cannot open it. Hate this! Pls fix it asap!!!
Nixe
Boooooo!!!!!!!
Facebook
Keeps closing when used on my Samsung Galaxy Tab3... even Samsung's recent update to kitkat failed to fix this.  Todays facebook app update failed to fix this.  I did a factory reset, and let Google update all the apps, then installed Facebook and Facebook message. ... still closes when using Facebook.    Still closes soon after authentication
A
Facebook is constantly syncing. Syncing has to be manually cancelled from settings all the time. Fix it.
Awesone
Keeps closing when used on my Samsung Galexy Tab3... even Samsung's recent update to kitkat failed to fix this.  Todays facebook app update failed to fix this.  I did a factory reset, and let Google update all the apps, then installed Facebook and Facebook message. ... still closes when using Facebook.    Still closes soon after authentication
Can't share post on friend timeline
i dont like new facebook because it use to much space and my phone always jammed. and i always need download new fb aplication..
Nice.
Appapy vs
Always changing/updating... Its a real pain in the butt...
The app used very ezey.......
Facebook sent me here and I loved it all. I love Gene Watson's music since the first time I heard it. Read some of the things he has on the internet and it brought me here.I would like to say I have been a fan of Gene Watson's music for years now I am a fan of the man himself.
Mih
Every update helps a starving child in Africa, so I'm very thankful that Facebook is doing the right thing by giving us major updates everyday. This is the reason why I eagerly wait every single day for Play Store to pop a notification for a Facebook update so I can contribute to Facebook's heartwarming effort. I'm encouraging everyone to join me by also updating this app everyday. Together, we can make a difference and finally end world hunger.
It used to be great! Now with the daily update there are daily new problems! Cant open profiles when clicking on a friend's picture, sometimes status won't update. LAGGING TOO MUCH!!
Websites should open within App rather than browser. ...
Now i cant see my post on my own profile.That's sad!
Good job!
Tanzim
7124
Very slow download
You made me updated and now I can't save any pictures to my phone, and can't share to pinterest... Fix this and it would be a 5 star.
Not working on my tablet keeps dropping out and wont stay on recent setting, all this started over a month ago and still has not been fixed. I have told them about it twice now and no responce.
12345678
Heidelberg's
Its okay
Its Nice
Need more updates
agf
I dont need the new fb messenger its annoying and just a waste of time pls remove that messenger pls.
Kankreu.
Good
Impressed me so much but fix the size ok
Speed and lovely one
I can't stop the notifications on a public party I liked. Thousands of replies daily!
Its da bomb
Member writs
Like this also for my friends Vanessa Hudgens, and Zac Efron.
QUIT UPDATING ITS IRRA
Its cool
Browser Facebook is functioning better than you!
Dear Facebook team...I dont to CROP my profile pic!!! Remove that function it's very annoying!!!!!
Not bad
Pathetic performance even on an octa core device. Keep it up
Loving it
Whats going on since the update about a month ago. Cannot use on my tablet. Continues to shut down whenever I try to watch a video or read comments or click on anything.  Absolutely rediculous. You want us to use the App - MAKE IT WORK
Got the new up date on my Samsung tablet now can't use facebook when i open it i scroll down a bit it turns off when i go to comment on something it turns off go to watch a  video if turns off please fix these problems asap.
Da fastest way to communicate my family in other country..
Hi
Junaid Junaid patriotic
Brilliant apps
I love it
Awsome!
Nice nice
Have done two update and it's worse now than ever FIX THE APP. Samsung  Tab 3
The new version slows down the speed instead of increasing it using Galaxy S5 and plus it makes Messenger buggy.
Good working
Nice nice
Too slow
Great app with Facebook.
Nice one
Very bad virsion
Its part of life now... lol
Nice
Very fast
No bad
Mohamed Nizar Manzoor
Very awesome
Its nice
:*
Keeps refreshing while looking through news feed..annoying!
After seconds of being open, it closes. Useless. Still, even after now 4 updates, all i get is a black screen and it closes. Not even worth it. Get it together people. I'm sure you pay enough to programmers to figure it out.
So now every time I share something I'm going to get an invasive, large, and annoying pop up ad to share more? Screw that. Wont be sharing on mobile anymore. Also turned off automatic updates on this one... ridiculous.


I can ot get this app to open it closses 2 seconds after it opens. Beeing doing thid on my galaxy since last update
I know i have an older phone but its rediculous how i have to uninstall and reinstall the app all the time
Josss....
Why 200 mb ?
Hmmk
Ever since my last update wth fb..can't do crap on my tablet as well..annoying..plz fix
I hate to select picture from goddamn in app image browser while uploading! Let me use external image browser to select picture..!!
From the time I have updated this app it is working hell slowly..  The older version was far better than this one.. If not improved m surely gonna uninstall it... Super bad :(
Awesome.
Bakeas he
its not installing :(
I lv it so much
I see all my friends
Takes too much time to open on the new update
Why don't you release weekly updates instead of almost daily updates!! I'm tired of spending data money on this daily crappp!!!
Nice
Like it
After the latest update I keep getting notifications from a post on which I have made a comment. There is no option to turn it off. Plz fix it ASAP. Another new hassle!!!!  Thnx!
LOOK I LOVE IT
Liiiixoo vei
Really like it when I can get on
What's up why aren't the videos play on my tablet
I've had issues in the past 3 months where my data usage has gone over my plan.  When I started looking at what I'm using, I realized that as long as I'm signed into fb, it is constantly running even though I've closed the application.  Insane!  I've started logging out and shockingly, my data usage went back to normal.  Pointless upgrades, and I'm about ready to remove it from my phone.
Good be communicate
Itz easy for use and browse i loved it
When I update my Facebook my account can't open sh**t deserve 0 star
My keyboard just wont work sometimes so i can't update my status, comment, write messages, or anything else you need a keyboard for! Ridiculous! Also the app freezes a lot and kicks me out!
Ok
Prefect
This update is pure muck! Cant uplaod or see any photos plus it keeps freezing and constantly runs slow
What is wrong with facebook?? Im so disappointed and it causing me so much problems!!! Can you fix ur problems asap!
Hate ittttt!!!
Nyc u must try dis
Don't know what happened but I can't get on my FB now from my galaxy samsung tablet but it works on my galaxy samsung phone. Worked great before now the screen goes black and then it just takes me back to my home screen.
Needs more improvements
always crashing!!!! like an airplane. crashing!!
053361942
In my huawei honor 3c smart phone and huawei media pad 7 youth 2 tablet, it works absolutely fine regardless of what others say. Keep up the good work team.. (y)
Baraiya
Crashes on my samsumg galaxy tab 3, I can't post or share anything with out it crashing, it's really frustrating :( :( :(
Awesome app.. when i bought my new phone my first app which i wanted to have was facebook i loved this app.. and the update was really awesome for sure... awesome app running smoothly on my android device
Good
Shes nt tr in fb so it suckzzzz
Cannot start it after i deleted it
it always show not supported and take large space
For an new version
All public closely to  Hart
The size for this is larger and uses up way too much memory.  I try to tag people in photos and it hangs and crashes as a result of memory mismanagement.   Will not alter review unlees it improves.  Additionally,  this app doesn't let you tag photos properly and doesn't show them well.  FB needs to test its updates with proper QA before releasing bloated and buggy updates.
I've experienced no problems .
Good face book
Awesome
You App Take Too Much MB Like Google+ Low The Now Or I uninstall Update and Disable From My Phone! And Download Another Facebook app That Have Low MB!
Ohhh my g its like a dream
This update horrible, every minute phone restarting.
App will not open?
It deleted itself
Nice aaph but when I want to see msges . They require messenger not good
Constant up dates as well. No thanks
Nice
Keeps force closing on my phone and tablet. Loads slower than before. Stop trying to make it better. Get it working right n leave it the hell alone.
Inginkan teman hidup
Super bad item
Hot blud
Is very nice ;)
Your popup message is ridiculous as it is repetitive. Everytime it pops up it freezes the whole app and you can't do nothin till it goes away.If I'm in the middle of typing a comment it will kick me out of the keyboard and I have to reengage to continue typing.This is absolutely aggravating its like you guys don't test things before you update the app. And you stilI haven't done anything to fix the picture sharing feature within the app. My phone sends Facebook notifications I don't need another one.
Gets better an better, for all 2nd are upset, you maybe wanna check the build (Version you have) I have no problems with it on a non rooted G4 testing beta which may be Mostly your problem*, as society have gotten so use to not reading just hit install an agree, I recommend checking also to see if in 5 he past you 2nd need 5th 1st available version's so you may check under read more.going to Google to make sure it doesn't say thank you for testing. ..disconnect an Uninstaller FB then reinstall other HOPE IT
Nice  app
Hmmmm going on
I like it
Good App
Old Facebook update is fucked up....please update the app ASAP
There is no "photos" where I can either see my photos or upload new. No albums no nothing. Totally disappointed.  I give one star because there's no option for none. Fix it please
Keeps in me touch with family and friends
hurry work
Excellently most useful
This app is very slow
love it
Nice app
No option for Top Comments, can't save videos, profile and cover photos must be cropped and can't be uploaded as their original size, lacks a built-in photo editor. The UI itself is terrible, sometimes the notifications button doesn't work, the news feed is awful, it's only showing group posts now, while rarely ever showing pages/friends updates, yeah the 100s of pages that I've liked are buried somewhere, only 3-4 of them are showing now. pages' ads and app recommendations are everywhere.
Too Much Memory -,-
What an excellent app
Pokes does not work in latest update
too slow to open.. pls make this app eat less memory..
Nice app
lagging too much CPU, always gets my device over heated and most of the buttons doesn't work like the "trun off notification" button.
Like
Fast social media
Wont allow me to log in
This app is getting updated almost daily which I didn't liked at all otherwise pretty much good ui is good work on more responsive design and material design app make it more stable
I can't sign into my regular face book. Can't find my    friends. Everything is     screwed up.
Nothing changes. You said improvement in reliability and speed, but nothing improved really. Also taking too much space in my phone!! Just what the effin hell ya doing?
Now I am noticed that this update is also perfect....
Logs out and doesnt open. Takes alot off memory. And its slow
good
Vry gud
Ease to check my fb anywhere.
sokhom
OK
Hi
Why its takes too much space of my internal memory?????? :o
I LOVE FB
Forcing to switch to messenger...
very good app.
Awesome
VV good
Excellent apps really
Good
Hellohowareyou
Love it
This apps is help to communicate people
very  good
I
I Log out from the app it close automatically, when I open again the app, it still log in, and says please log in again, then the app automatically log out and close by it self. I open again and Im still log in
Loved it but it take lot of memory
Last update doesn't work, it looks like nothing happen
Realy good app waaa ooooo... :-)
Very high internel memory use suck this
Hai
Best after this latest update

Constantly crashing on my tablet.
i love this apps
Won't stay open.   Closes when i try to scroll to read comments.
It's always crashing
When I try to hide stories or try to hide people on my feed. It says I successfully do so. But when I restart the app they are right there in my feed
what the hell r u doing?This new update version is just unnecessary.It's took lots of memory.
Never ever hav I encountered probs other than the app being slow..fix that as well as loading one thing over and over again which charges and it's a waste Oh would like if I commented on a status that it doesn't have to pop evrytime another person comments  This has not been sorted
Majumder
santosh.kumar632@
Sabari
babi
Pictures won't load. Really frustrating.
use up a lot of memory usage over my phone :(
A
Nocr
Friends for alone
Good
Beautiful
Nice app
I love my mobile phone and facebook ( my fb id . Arash Haidari )
App
Yo do it
Make app fast for 2g in India
Very slow ....and consuming more ram memory...very difficult to use in 2G
A frequent use app of all time
Doesn't work on my Samsung tablet.  Please fix!
I don't mind updates but when I get one everyday it's crazy
Wow face book is the good app
Nice ..
Good
Great
Best of all
I open it,it closes,l open it,stays open 5 sec im stoked, oh it just closed again,l open it again, oh wow just scrolled 2 news feeds oh it closed again,l uninstalled Facebook, fully stoked now it worked no problems no Facebook to worry about.FFS Facebook how about fixing it
Cool
Well it seems m not the only oe with problems. I cant even use facebook on my tablet cuz it wont refresh, keep getting loading error please fix this until then 1 star
this apps not good
dissgusting.crashing .
Own profile walls blanks.missing a lot of post.happened after the latest update.pls fix this.
The fb alway prob in mobile plzz fix and when i download the memrory got full even i deleated all app but still and then i change gb card i put 16 gb card also come full memiry read and plzz. Improve thnkzz
D
omg
-_- ^_¡ã^
I loved this app...it is fast messanger
It was  very interesting thing of all I like it so much
1000 like
It's ok
oki
Facebook
Exxxxxxx
it's change my life
I would ask that they increase the Scroll speed
OK la
Much Better 
I thought it was just my phone, everyone is complaining why aren't you fixing the issues. It's really annoying.
Nice app to communicate
Nacie
When touch the screen for tags my friends in the photo it's show only most recently friends....pls fix this problem. Thx
I can't even download it now and when I did have it it just kept freezing and closing by itself absolutely useless my Fb app on my ipod works better then this and my ipod is crap!
Just rubbish... :@ facebook was used to be fun but now it's making me annoyed.. Can't send pics sending fails again nd again.. Nd this version is just garbage...My phone is totally alright.. There is some problem with this version...plzzz fix it.. Plzz plzzz plzz
Hi everyone. .
Always keep on updating and  too slow for loading :(
Waoooo
its really amazing.  (Y)
Stuts problem & photo problem. In Qmobile A2
Enjoy
Sometimes it will open smoothly but most of the time stuck at the login page
facebook
Nice
Tiopb
Waw
Really hated it :( yeeww nothing happens the facebook isn't responding with this new update... the quality of fb is going down..
Fhh
Ive uninstalled and now reinstalled and if its still playing up thats it im off to new journeys elsewhere with better apps
Hai
Very convenient to update my things
App won't refresh when I'm on Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi connection works for everything else
Better now :)
Face book super aap
Not good
aaalllla
The account is hard to make.sucks.
so good
It open and then a few seconds it close it self... what is this!?
Installed it i get floods of lag. Its unusable and only good for being a decoration on my home screen.. So does fb messenger.
I like it
Angry facebook
But it still doesn't follow Google's design guidelines, and that's no good.
Not bad
Apa kau punya ID
Annoying! I can`t download it.
This app is the worst ever. It will drain ur phone and take to long to load put it has in time shut down without notice.
Everytime i open the app, it took 5 minutes to load. Always shows text "setting up facebook". This is so suspicious, this app might be sending some private information while loading the app. If i could remove this app, i will.
I'd rate this higher, if i could get the app to stay open longer than 10 seconds. It crashes repeatedly on my Galaxy Tab 3. It it completely unuseable.
Good
Only thing it is very slow. But other then that pretty good.
Best app.... new version is good
It is a good app
Chef Executive
Very good
Have people requesting me to tag them in pics. Won't show me the tag request only notify. Giving me some issues this one...
It uses about to 150mb .. then my phone need more space..
I love this
Nice but dont like the messenger thing hassle
Wont let me watch any videos keeps takin me back to app screen on my phone.. please fix
I can't look at my notifications or do anything without it locking up and then I can't get it restarted!
Why isnt it available in freaking 2014.
Manoj
nice
After the latest update no photos are showing up
Superb
Excellent
Awesome!
Are app dowanload kiyo nhi ho raha
Love this Game :-)
Nice
Yes
Sometimes i cant scroll it.
Its will took my full RAM, data is more than
Cant live without fb ;)
Yes
I update my
I can't open, after the update
Doesn't always update and using far too much memory and battery power. I'm using a Nexus 5
It is the best way to connect with our friends
Why do you need 200mb data to be stored in internal memory when everything you do is from web.
Good
Using too much space.
Way too good
Good
Good
U love fb
Bkit dko po ma update ang facebook ko?
Very nice
This is really good
The app us not syncing contacts at all! Please fix! Kyocera Hydro Android 4.4
Word game
bajawar1
I t s very love it
It is good but sometimes it freezes n can't put some photo uploads it needs more fixing in it
Asia bibi
why??!
Nice to use
I cant even open it.
Super
Since last update I can't open the app. This is such a down er. I rate this app 0 stars. Haven't been on Facebook in three days. Please fix whatever needs to be fixed.
Okay I have seriously had enough, I downloaded the update (and having to delete other apps in the process just so it can fit which annoys me too) only to find it has done absolutely NOTHING to improve it. The app still doesn't work, I am having to resort to using Google Chrome to run it which is really bothersome, this is unacceptable. I'm sorry but its just ridiculous, I don't mean to sound unappreciative but Facebook is meant to be a valuable part of life, so... Why is this all happening?
It keeps kicking me out. Ugh
Force closes on opening. Sometimes loads but if i try do anything it closes. Why am i getting messages in my notifications bar if it has been removed from the app? No i dont want to download messenger.
ESE chlane she full eskrin dikhai deti h
astig
Gary Lee whitten
RajuBoro
As there are many pages on facrbook and upload pictures about everything, many pages uploads vulger images, so whenever I choose the option of "I don't want to see this" that time, that thing dissappears but again when I relaunch the app. that thing appears again... Fix it please and launch new update...
Nice all my family and my friend i pound her
I can't login my account it's very worse. ...every time I login always said that my password is wrong. ....
I can't open Facebook ever since I downloaded dis app and even wen it opens I can't see my news feed updates. It's simply terrible.
Its totally no good
Now.
Good apps
I dunno whats up with you facebook..i only wanted to upload some music slides of our picz..but it woudnt allow my account..anf the worst thing is that even single unedited video is not Allowed...because you say its ABUSIVE? Come on!!!!
Why all time updated for god sake stop this make update when its necessary...
I can't log out completely
SD stroke
Please add "save video" functionality just like "save photo". That would be great.
goog apps
Great....... But please upgreade new version
Love it
Reallly a good apppp
Since it last updated a day or two ago facebook constantly closes while I attempt to scroll through my posts. Painfull!
Apparently FB only works on Android phones or, of course $$$$, iOS.  Horrible 99% crashing experience for Android tablets.  Un install
Let's get connected. ..
It need to be faster but it's very easy and very good
Must b more gud!!
On my tablet for the last couple of weeks, fb app will not connect, never had this problem before. Have now had to uninstall and reinstall twice already.
Its amazing
Yay
wow
All nd
The most slowest app i have ever seen bad in start up screen bad in transfer between lists
H
App won't work on my phone or tablet . Please fix this ASAP.
Cannot upload my own company logo onto about page/tab. So so frustrating. I click the camera logo select the pic successfully as it actually appears in the background but then a I get an 'upload failed' message.  What on earth is wrong with it. Tearing my hair out. Sort it out now Facebook please. Sure I'm not the only mega annoyed person about this.
Oh well done.. Can't open app at all after last update!
Facebook
I lub u
Wish it was faster
Hanged my phone
Plzz add reply option in comments section of friends too , and add option of other messages too rather than inbox
Best for connecting whom we cant connect in Facebook
What the hell why it sync to my contact
Good
Lobe
Open Facebook
Very good
Can you guys update it so that i can use flash while taking pictures and videos when i take videos it makes the Screen go dark
Gud one
This latest version of Facebook sucks because now if I'm not on wifi on my phone eventhough my Internet access works for everything else this app says it can't connect to my 4g network Wtf fix this problem please.
It is very cool
nicr but some time it's frez my phone.....
pls add scrollable widget
Loved
FB closes almost immediately after opening on my samsung tablet, tried to reinstall but problem persists. Can't even report the problem.
I can't message anyone without having the Facebook messenger? Both apps don't work properly on my phone as it is facebook was so much better when you could message on the app but now you have to have Facebook messenger (that doesn't even work) to access messages from your friends. Great!
Why do you need use of my camera sort it or be removed, don't work on my galaxy tab crash crash crash
it a good thing to have
I cant log out my fb it takes lot of mem0ry.
Old updates was working fine. New one not working properly
But cannot
Nice
Iike
Excellent
very slow
Its try to help our fone slow..
But i think its much better if we can move it to the SD Card 
It always stop working
good
Danishjaisi
Love it.
Nice
Its annoying!!!
Good
This application verry good
It keeps logging out and re sign it again. So annoying !!!
Loved it
O hoooooooo
We cant send messages. Sometime i get confused with unknown people. Whatsapp, viber and tango are 5*. Do improvements i will rate it 5*.
Good..!
so slow
Its ok
Love it
Denz
Downlong F ast
Why u can't upload a video?
Hmmmm
can't open my messages without having installed messenger.
Such a very bad app.i hate this app.
How do I disable sticker comments?  My wall status has been spamming by stickers comments and that is annoying! I dont see any use of that sticker comments :(
M giving 4 star just because visiting most recent news feed is not easily accessible...
Like
Laggy
New messages between old. The old version was better earlier 2014
Excellent application, use my canvas nitro a310 phone good work and good application i like it
Pictures barely load. Cant click on a shared post. Seperate messanger app. Top stories just suck.I WANT MOST RECENT! too much advertisement. Facebook is garbage now..
Constantly crashing on my Galaxy Tab3. Have deleted and reinstalled several times with no change. Please fix this.
Sophie
I cant get into the app.whenever i open it, it comes wid an white blank screen
Love
I wud give 1 star for imposive installation of messenger.
Using at many peopls..
Takes time updating
My mobile Samsung galaxy S4 mini.. my mobile is hanging only on install your facebook app.. I don't know. . Ur app catching very much memmory and Ram.. sure ur diagnostic this problem. . Thank you
I know people put all they info on fb anyway but dam they still want more
Update sucks!not go so better but go so even worse.wake up!
Two days consuming all power from muy battery and to slow. I remove the battery and i cleaned my phone and this crap is geting worst  with every up date.
Like Me  And  My  Friends..
This app is too slow runing in my cell please reduce its space i m using galaxy pocket
I remember when I first started using Facebook for android back at 2012. It barely made you like and share things only. Now you can reply. Easily share. Comment. And basically everything you do on a full page Facebook on a pc. Except for games of course.
Nice...its good to have this update
Awsme
U guys need to really fix this app totally.......every time when i am scrolling down it goes up
Awsome
Ok
"Setting up facebook" for a minute or two then "Just a moment" for 2-3 minutes more, then FU - just gonna close! EVERY TIME,  no matter how many times a day I try to open this app. WTH? (Samsung tablet)
good
Not a fan
Keeps shutting down :(
Gb
What's happened to the videos ?? Why you did it your own videos?  I can't download any video in this. Fix it please.
When I'm about to upload something its really slow an sometimes its just blank....when it comes to status...sometimes it was doubled
It is okay but why i could not add smily face with comments at the same time.
App stopped working it doesn't load news feeds, I don't get notifications and can't reply to messages please fix.
What the eff is going on with this App. It keeps freezing and closing. Get it together Facebook!
Since I have updated to the new version, the app hangs and then crashes. Very disappointing. Please fix.
GOD is GOOD
Loved it
OK to use it.
Facebook please, don't make it bigger than Clash of Clans, it's over 120mb for an app that dosen't really need that size...
I can't see anything that my friends post. I can only check out videos, pictures are just blank and as much as i click on the reload button on them it's useless! Fix it!
8nne
Gud app
Lala
When I tried to open my account it say ERROR SORRY WE CANT FEED YOUR ACCOUNT. JUST DUMP THIS APP!!!!!!
Nice
I cant log out wtf
So good
this new update is awful it not letting me watch any videos and it freezes my phone and forecloses!!!!!FIX IT
Good
Cool app
Even with chatting moved to its own app, this still hogs memory like some sort of...hog. Or something. Facebook should create a more lightweight app that mirrors the mobile site.
Takes too much time to open
SUPERB !!!!
This last update is horrible it takes forever for anything to load! I have a business to run, I need access to my fb page at all times! Half the time it doesn't even load!  Total bs!!!
Annoying.
The messenger app slows down my phone and i found it troublesome when playing games.
Very nice
Excellent
Hate tihis app coz i have to have facebook messenger to message people on face book its dreadful
I can't watch any video after update.  It just show nothing when i click in to start the video. Pls fix.
Best
It is has become important tool of india and peoples of india because we are  able to share any things to our relative who are away from us and we seldom met him or her, THANK YOU
Dont seeee my frind update  up to 3hrs
Great
It doesn't even open after the installation!
Loved it
I was having issues with my Facebook app on my samsung galaxy s4 not playing videos. So i sent a complaint to Facebook and the problem was literally fixed within minutes. I wasnt expecting such a quick fix or any fix at all but i was pleasantly surprised. Thanks Facebook. Well done.
Wtf whenever i try ro download this app it shows errors even deleting all my apps bloody hell . Go to hell facebook.
Sranje
Luv it
Improved
Nice

I like Facebook Android App
Can not open
Its good app but browsing is liitle bit slow
Please add downloading option of videos.
CNT see my friends profile pic.. CNT see pics at all... it closes on its own... it shows status from 20 hours ago with recent statuses.. Please fix. Thank you
They force users to use Messenger
Facebook
Wow another update. How about updating to a version that WORKS. Galaxy tab 3 10.1 DOESN'T WORK. FIX THE FREEZING AND CRASHING.
5star
Pleeease fix it.
The facebook app has many bugs, but the thing that bugs me the most is how plain & old it looks.
my fb did not call why..
Plz tell me how to sign out
Faster
Super good jop
Obaidabbasi
Normal
Superb
That's confused, this app should be simple mode of Facebook and shouldn't use too much space, please fix it!
So fucking*** I cant open my new feeds.. so annoying.. grrrr
Its very good sociel network
Ugh! Just... UGH!
Night mode on and off please staff of fb. ..
Gain Jerry
Rate
Gas
Yes
Home page
Rahdjdo
This is very good
I don't want to install the messenger app, I'm out.
Samsung tab 2. My fb keeps crashing. I'll be happily scrolling through my post when it will just stop then close. Very annoying because I open it again I'm back at the top so gave to scroll through it all again. Also crashes when I try to open a link :-( Sort this out please.
Love it
The app does not even start on my z3
Good app
It these fuckin Nazi's. I swear
Nice
Can't get through my news feed it just stops please fix it Facebook
Mahan
App
The nice version the facebook
Since I uploaded, it dosesn't open.

I  can't watch any videos! FIX THIS
I love you
Improved but needs more improvement!
It won't load right and I can't put my status on Facebook. It Facebook update there page again grr u can't u notified people when u do that.
Bhdgyd
I love this app...thank you . Facebook
Older version back plz
So many updates
Betty Beltran
Whenever I click on a message while in facebook it crashes and when I try to type a comment on something, the keyboard keeps closing. I do not have a computer so if you could PLEASE fix these issues so I can stay in contact with my friends and family that'd be amazing. Thank you.
very good
Takes hour to start up
Nic
Won't open
I Facebook I do . I'm on it all the time but these last updates ruined it for me on my Galaxy S4.   I can't open the app.  I can't look at my friends status updates from the widget . If  it manages to open I cannot touch the screen any way or it will instantly close. I can't school update status or even look at for more than 5 seconds. It's fine on my computer.it has always been fine before these past couple of updates. I can't even report a bug because it broken.
Have to focus a little on the call function,  rest all is perfect
Super
Baje
Four stars
Having fun
Please create new version and puickly relese... And easy version ok. Thank you guys
Hooooooooooo !!!!!!!
not bad
Excellent
Perfect.!!!!!!
Good
B
Cool
Ya.
Z2
When using Facebook the data on device internal memory is increasing,this is irritating me because I have very low internal memory on my phone. If you are top developer you can overcome with this problem
I always need fb thats why I love it.
Easy, to reach everyone out there
Its not letting me connect to my messages like loading and loading
Since the recent update photo/pictures are not showing up on my timeline. It was working fine before you messed with it!!
This new update really really make me stressed...  1) you even can't refresh your facebook 2) when you scroll down suddenly pops up coming out and says " the page you blah blah blah...." then when you press back...its loading there until you press home button....and when you try  again....its happen again and  again....
I don't like it anymore
it sucks.  shutting down on its own. can't use my keyboard to type.
It is awesome
Sach a good app..
When I'm on facebook, I can only be on for a few minutes before it freezes or slows down && then shuts down by itself. Then when I go to open it back up sometimes its only a black screen, && it shuts down again. But when I do get it to open it only last for few minutes before it freezes again. PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!
It is good:-) :-) :-[
I am loving it
This app make friends
There s no any safety
It may be time for an upgrade, but there's no way Facebook should crash even on this garbage Galaxy S3
Crap crap crap app wont open any of my feeds wont refersh wont scoll nothing. Please improve.
Crashes as soon as i touch anything!!
The photos is not appearing for the lest few weeks. .
So many friend.i like it.
pic2...:-)
Thik hai
You are forcing peaple now to install messenger app in order to check their messeges. I keep receiving messege notifications but I can't check them! Facebook app is leaving my phone! That's the result of your manipulating! Bye Bye!!!
Its a excellent app
Very good
Since the last update I can't see the photos anymore almost all of the photos are blank
Bagus jika tak salah guna...
Can we have a recent stories as a proper default option on the app, not hidden away in a menu that you have to hit each time. Sick of viewing same stories or stories from yesterday/two days ago at the top of my newsfeed
Worst update
Update is goooood!
Awesome!!!!!
Now I can't even Log into Facebook.
Wow supub,,,,......!!!!.
Whenevr I open playstore facebook app is ready to be updated what is this and it takes too much space
Its a great app for creating our new friends and enjoying with them
Good &Thanks to fb
Does not load all of the time and can not search people.... it just says loading but never loads
Gooda
Finally! Tq for new updating. ..awesome. ..
Won't let me change my..cover photo plz fix¡­and wont let me like pages keeps unliking it fix..!
Takes too long to late to load then crashes
Gr8888
Yuna suka fb..
marketing executive
nice apps
I love this app a lot bcoz it keeps frn connected......
The fact that it now runs 205 MB when open and 100 MB of Background Services is appalling. Sort it out.
Never let me down always quick
Deva shish
Yes it is good
I only say good!!!!
Best....face +fast book
Eats my ram over and over, wtf wrong with loading pictures and hell no never use your messenger .
it wont work on my s5!! i tried uninstalling then reinstalling it for a hundred times, but still wont work properly!! all theyre updating are only for ios users, what about us android users!
Its working pretty well but abit heavy on memory anyways keep updating for improvements keep up.
Crashes everytime.
like
It's not great. But it ain't bad either. Would like better android wear support.
Loved it
How can i get it back on my phone?? It doesn't work it now, please help me.
Scrolling is getting very annoying as every time you touch an image or comment button, regardless of whether or not you're scrolling, it will open that image or comment box. Scrolling gets very hard as all these different things keep popping up. A fix would be great.
Is a verry good application
This apps is very good
good looking
Need say more!!!!
I can't click on my friends to look at there profile. Like if they shared something and I click there name j can't go to there profile please fix. Other than that Facebook is working great!
Photographs won't load properly. Cashes a lot of data. Storage hungry.
Dear facebook please also think about low spec phones. I use samsung galaxy s advance and the way my app work is like hell... It hangs it lags its slow its heavy. Please do something for the phones with gingerbread and low end phones. Hope i get a rply soon
So use ful
Cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool.     appppppppppppppppp
Try to go to my photos and it glitches every time and goes back to main news feed! Fix and it'd be 5 star easy!!!

superb
Crash every time I click on anything.  Close me right back out. Didnt do befor please fix
Still keeps saying please load again and not auto showing any feed. Also is notifying me on items I del selected like games and likes.  I wish it would actually keep my setting to show "most recent" first instead of me having to change it every time.
With your latest release "fix", you knocked out the opportunity to open any external links. Please fix
Runs almost 200mb of ram. Yikes. Since last 3 updates none of the pictures will upload. There just blank.
Awesome
Good media sosial,,,,
but juxt keep it fast...thank u
Good to have such improvemnets
Thanks
excellent
i like facebook but if i want do another account it's say error!! pls fix
Updates to many times nd sucka
His app passes the time very first
Gurjar
love it
I like to meet friends
bad update
Dumb app
Your! This FACEBOOK app sucks for real,,, it's not working at all ever since i downloaded it  , all it does is eating up my phone memory coz when i try to start the app it just shows "setting up Facebook " and that's it and when trying to start it  uses a lot of memoly space on the phone. Please try to test your apps to check if there working properly before you upload them onto the store or we might as well stop using it.
as promised, 5 star
Good one
Irritated. o_O wasting time
My account is always logging out
Facebook
Please add the on screen menu button support, other popular apps had already done it long ago
Log into Facebook
darun apps ata.....khub valo lege6e.......fatafati....asum....
i dont think so. its very hard to log out from this apps.its take a time. same to open the profile, picture or whatever.. still loading and loading and loading on android 4.4.2 and up.not satisfied.i uninstall it.
Loved it
This update is terrible ......  facebook does no responds i should have given it zero stars terrible terrible plzzzz fix it
Grwat way to connect with friends n to known abt them specially those living abroad
Kind a of cool
Nothing is right
I wnt old version  this version is waste
Since update would give a big fat zero
Opens for a second then crashes
I hate it!!!
Cool
Sony
I want the old version back
Try and look at facebook and it just closes have un installed and reinstall but no different so over it
Facebook is awesome but facebook app is not and i mean it. This app is useless unless u have a 2gb ram and a 1.5 ghz processor also it takes lot of internal storage. My request to facebook.inc is to port the java version of facebook app to android because its much much faster and if u do so i am sure that ur app will get 10 billion downloads. Try what i said because most users dont have a broadband or a galaxy s5. Admit it that facebook.inc didnot take any efforts to make fb app for android faster its slow
Add the download option in videos
Its OK...
Love love
It's cool app. Love it:)
I hate it when I logged out my account.
How many times in a month will be updating this apparatus?
Dang..i can't log in @ it is really slow..please fix this..
I am a new one with smart phone
Ravi426.
Even though it's too much drama it's cheaper to contact friends and family than calling long distance
Muy mal
Nice
I love it
Jidgi na mile Gi dobara

Will not play videos. Please fix this.
Great
Very good
Got
Farooq katlang mardan
My news feed keeps refreshing while I'm scrolling through stories and taking me to the top... It's driving me nuts! !
It is slow and it keeps closing on me forse close
No one wants top news as default.
Excellent
its not letting me use it !!!  up date it as soon as posible please !!!
like it
ATTENTION
Very good..
MYANMARTV
Share button not working
Perfect
Ilove this app
Nice feature, opening Web pages inside the app. One thing missing for 5* : once you open a link, you should be able to see the url and copy it.
Updated 3 times in 2 days. Will NOT work over my WiFi connection.
bestest app
Same
i like this app. but when i log out because i want to switch other it only closes and it always say session expired
Did it change again? Can't get any of the news feed videos or pictures and my stuff isn't coming out. Please fix!
The new updTe is slow
Love it
everytime I logout it crashs and I have to delete the app and redownload it
Good
Palpak
It's nice to use
I love this app it makes it easier
Deactivate and dont let them tag me -.-
Oh damn what a garbage I can't upload photos yet disgusting app
the
Am hii
Grrrrr
wow
KEEP It Up
Bagus di gunakan
Lovely
Won't stay open.
New version sucks
Defaults to notifications and last comment posted when it opens,  instead of newsfeed. Please fix
It is create social natural area
Its work very slow yaar....
I cant connect anymore ! >_<
U

Hello, I really love my profile account. Thanks
HOW THIS BETTER?!?! :3

Can't open it
Dipansu gulia
DOUBLE HORRIBLE!!!!!
This is the best and best social app to converset with frnds . This provides easy way to share feeling nd thoughts with world.
Can't replay on comments !
I like
Thanks
ANOTHER UPDATE?!?!?! DUDE WE HAD ONE LITERALLY LAST WEEK!!!! My advice, if the app can be deleted on your mobile device, go for it and use your phone's browser. Yes it's slower. Just a tad. But you don't have to update one single thing. And for now you won't need the chat app, you can still chat without the app. Please like if this was helpful in anyway.
Vicky
This app is very very interesting
It cool
Even with this recent update the app still freezes and force closes on me. I'm constantly having to clear my ram and force closing the background data multiple times for it to even work. As it stands right now, it's not even working no matter what I do, it just stays frozen. Please help me, I would really hate to have to uninstall the app completely!
Good quality:)
Very good
Very worst update its must required messenger for chat tooo waste plz solve this issue
Does not load
Slow to.open on samsung5s
Found always a promblem in logging out... Hectic to use on normal internet connection..
Not working on my tablet
This new version of fb app is lite, data saving and fast
Not  working  useless
So the problem with the app is that now what I want to do is no longer available. Instead of showing me all the items in my feed sorted by most recent like I want it now gives me sorted by an algorithm which gives me all the crap that I don't want and doesn't show me the stuff that I do want. To make matters worse I am no longer able to send messages within the app they require me to install another app to do the same thing that this app used to do. However many times in one sends me a message the Facebook app pings me and with a notification telling me that I have a message but it won't let me see the message or reply to it. If you want to strip out messaging from this app and make it as another app then take it all the way out of this app and stop bugging me about it instead now I have to launch the Chrome browser do go into the Facebook desktop version in order to read m While we're on the subject of icons and notifications why do all the messages from my facebook page is paying into my personal account every time and when I clear them in one I have to go into the other to clear them out only to if Google+ can solve the read once clear everything else where why can't Facebook?
Yo yo


?!
App kept shutting down for no reason.
good
Thnx
Doesn't work at all on my tablet.
TIME BASS
sanjay dagade
Its slow. And you took of most recent so now all I see stuff from not hours ago but days!! Get it together please!
love it
i like it
Good
I can't do anything it won't load sucks
This app makes my phone lag more than a 3D game, and I have an LG G3 so I dont fully understand why your app makes my phone crash?
Good
Terrible!!!! So frustrating, trying to log on. As soon as you log on it  closes. I tried uninstallling then reinstalling but it does the same thing. HELP !!!
Nice
Ilike it.
Star
Superb
Super busy cool awesome amazing
Good
This was take too much space in my mobile
Super
I sucks that when ur scrolling down ur news feed and then out of the blue ur back at the top of the feed again (without even hitting the lil blue update tab that pops up)! This is truly annoying!! Please fix!!!
I want to copy text from some existing post on my wall. Please update the UI with enhancement to copy text from existing posts on my wall
love all facebook apps,  it's works very smoothly in my Xperia. Good. In slow network app run veryyy slow please fix it... Some time it crashes easily and most annoying thing is it occupies more storage space... Fix those things.. Please......
Like new facebook
Since the update I can no longer use the app because no new posts load
Since the latest update, the app crashes and shows a blinking black and white screen occasionally when using the app switcher on my HTC One and my Galaxy Note 8", both running stock 4.4.2.
hi zuck, why your application is too much used my RAM? hah? pliz re-update your fb now!!
Instead Of using this. takes up too much space, I'd like every1 2 kno that the New World Order is coming. Every 1 is being watched. As long as we hav smart phone, everything we do is being monitored. We cannot escape the government. :)
messenger did not install after. download and i ve tried same a couple of time. i cant access. my mails
Old
..
I'm Facebook addicted :)
Working great
My lovely fb, why I can't get new fb version..
There was no need to integrate messenger with facebook. Previously I rated it 4 star, then 5 star. But now with integrated messenger I rated it 2 star. Hopefully every other fb user will do the same. Dislike.
Why would u make app that suck
This update is unacceptable
Why do you keep making new updates, but you still dont fix the problems
Worst update doesn't even load pages. Even one star is more for it
Sucks
A great app.
I am sunny
Liked it
My internet has but when i download...i gonna wait long time...

Messages not open it shows download messenger,very worst business trick and news feed also not continuously update
Does it need access to my urine and stool samples too? Might Facebook on the toilet, don't want anyone hearing or seeing that...
I use a note 3 and it doesn't take any advantage of the big screen
love is blind
Sit is very slow
Keeps freezing and kicking me out. Very very slow.
I like this app I have 978 friends in fb*
It is little slow bt wrks vry excellnt way
Love it
Nice
Facebook is great
Because is a beutiful
verry happy
Love it
Why does app need to check my browsing history?
VENU.The
I wish i could give 0 stars. We need to install a messenger jst for chatting. wtf is this?
I like it
smooth it
Before this update it takes about 60 MB of space but now it is using 85 MB of space which is 5% of my phone's storage & also it uses big RAM.
Fast and instant facebook access. Loved. But the one thing I found bad is huge consuming of memory for data files.
Its ntbthwt much bad app
Manurubisingh
Ibrar jutt
Why the hell it always goes to candy crush saga in play store. Whenever i go to fb via app.
Great
I've tried to refresh my new feed, but nothing refreshes really. Disappointed. Please fix asap!
Install an app for messenger? Seriously? And its constantly reloading itself so I loose my spot on my newsfeed? Guys come on
Simply great
love it!
Making us install a separate app for messaging? What the fuc.k is the point of that?! Why make us install yet another app to fill up our phone's memory which is already almost full and slows down performance to the point where it's frustrating to use. I have not installed the chat app and I never will. But I assume it's to make even more money off advertising or some other way. Change it back you morons!
Facebook is anice massenger
Berubah dan berhijrah untuk.capai impian berserta doa.
Good
Reeeally slow.
Yay! It is fast that i thpught
grrrrrr..
Facebook did not developed an app, they just developed a blood sucker. Go nd hav a look at g+ app how smooth its works. My mobile hang a lot due to ur app. U dnt hav eligiblity for a top developers tag :@

Very usefull app n excellent
Loved it
Most of the times have to use my browser to use some options on my phone and is annoying having the extra app
Gh
You update every week and it never gets any better.  All it does is take up unnecessary space.
Keeps closing on my tab 3
Mrs ann forbes
Absolute crap crashes on my galaxy tablet before i can do anything this update needs fixing big time ,used to be great nlt now unhappy user
Logged me out and kept repeating the error message
Too too
Could be my phone though
Very useful app
Pictures are not loading even when i have a fast internet and the latest version of facebook.
Whenever I am trying to check notifications, fb concks off

Mhmm
I love it. I can't get enough of it
Nice
What
To upload faster
Good app
When I try to connect with something on Facebook it automatically goes back to my home page. From what I've read from other reviews I'm not the only one that seems to be having problems. Why can't they see that something needs to be done and soon.
My device lags a lot after installing this and messenger. -_- and we want bCk the messenger
This android application doesn't open hashtags .. Please fix
Facebook late Download hota
Owsum app luv it
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah duh

But now every time I open it I have to turn off then on the internet for the page to refresh. ..now I'm being told that I need a second app to do what I got Facebook for in the first place...couple of times I got notified that I had messages,logged on and couldn't find them....make comments that don't show up...got fed up with it so I started checking the website and realized that a lot of posts weren't showing up at all on the app, so how much have i been missing? ???
Good
Not uploading my videos for last 12 days.No action taken by Facebook technical team.Not a professional attitude.
Works proper now..!!!
It is more better
Getting more stupid every day.
The most stupidest app ever I downloaded it last week and it is still not dun if u get this app then u well regret it this app is the most stupidest app ever IT NEEDS TO BE FIXST
Slow & pages won't open up timer keeps running
:'(
New version of facebook. So like it..
Time waist kr k kuch acha mily to boht acha lgta h. Try it now. Its owsm
Hmm good
Kill by urself
Connecting the world
Nice apps but something missing
It's ok .. Hehehe ..
Jamal
No comment
I have a galaxy tab 3 and have been experiencing constant force closes on the app. It happens every time i try to use it...Works fine on my phone and computer. Fix this issue and i'll increase my rating.
I love it
Nice
This update is awesome for Facebook Users, but slightly laggy :) Hope you'll fix this and i'll thank you if you will.
Thanks facebook. God bless
Good
Best apps
Doesn't work on my tablet. Always crashes after about one minute.
Can't upload videos no more
Lots of apps to ise
All ways updated ????
Great fellowship
When I log in our log out it would say session is expired. Need fixing please
It work fst I m vry hapy to use ths app
Abbas
good
I cannot change my profile picture from this app.
how did Barack Obama create this app? $eems right up his shady alley...Well Idon't hav anyrhing to hide,but this is exTREMELY invasive to say to  the least. I just downloaded this so I could talk to my aunt,ha
There are still too many bugs in this app that need to be worked on n get fixed..its like when I try n comment on any post, as soon as I press d comment option d app crashes:/ ..Hate it ...
I like this very fast and longer Facebook 24 hours of facebook
Please uhh! Its make my cellphone log ! When i click this up -_-            please fix it fast because i never open my facebook again .. When its crash my freind are worried about me because i never open my facebook because its crash when i updated
Nice one
Good
Super'!!!!!!!!!!
When i post some pictures ! It  always crash !
like it app
Same as older version
I can see photos! I like the notifications that come up on my screen and do not have to open up the app.
it's great
Good app
Can't download it...927 error
I hate facebook writting all over my phone calendar!
Loved it
Hate it!!!
I hate this app because Every week facebook create update so i dont like this...
******?,????
This app takes up so much room
I don't want update and you just do it anyways and then continue to have problems and new ones. Thank you for that assholes
Very good..
This app doesnt work with the new wifi we have at home works ok on 4g but not with wifi worthless piece of app.
It keeps closing and bugging out. Fail.
Says error...
Love
Good
After the last upgrades it's impossible to look at pictures, it crashes every time. Rev. 1: I'm disinstalling, it's completely unusable. Mobile webpage works a lot better.
Very slow and doesn't update please correct asap.....now no pictures will load just a grey screen. .. Any reason why? ??
ok
Why did facebook close by it self please and please fit it be/4 its too late, i think this last update is not helping the issues
Exellent
My work
I don't want you in my life, my phone says I have to keep you installed though so I'll just hide you.
You have connected with world
Latest updates make Facebook terrible. I hate Facebook.    It stinks and does not work like they said. It's a peace of crap.   Worthless app.   I still hate.
I love this
Its OK I mean it could be faster and all but overall it ok

Unresponsive after update
Rakus terhadap memory RAM
SHIL
Not bad..
Always force closes 
nice
Quite often "does not respond" or will take awhile too respond to page changes. May be the phone but wasn't always like this.
I have a Samsung Galaxy 3 10.1 tablet.   Since the last upgrade,  FB crashes continually.   I have tried uninstalling/reinstalling,  clearing the FB and partition cache,  and as a last resort a factory reset.   Nothing has fixed the issue,  so the problem is with the 19.0.0.28.14 upgrade.   Please fix! !
Nothing yet
Really cool messaging site
Very bad
Nice but...
Had to install f app
Regards
Please don't force to install messenger
Very nice
Makes my phone freeze when u load a video and it auto plays it makes my phone freeze
TAKES UP ENTIRELY TOO MUCH STORAGE SPACE... ALSO, TOO MANY UPDATES!!!!!!!!
Did not think it would be possible, but the latest 'update' has made it worse. Wont load for more than 5 seconds before crashing, if it loads at all. (Galaxy tab 3).  Without doubt the worst app i have ever experienced for reliability. Complete crap.
Really good speed works best when u don't feel like opening the browser to use fb
hate it period
Ditching html5 only for a native interface paid off
like it very much
Love it
Facebook on phones and laptops has been mostly non responsive lately and very slow otherwise, fix your crap
Love it
Very good
:)
very good
Its really cool mom loves it lol
Stil need sum improvmnt...
Needs a few things inproving such as it shows post from Like yesterday
Aplicativo simples de uma rede social e consome RAM como muitos jogos.
K
Raza
It was great when I wanted to share a picture was able to choose where to post it being my timeline or a friends. Now I have to search for the friend and post things, waste of time. Also the fact that I can't choose who I get notifications from doesn't make me happy. Maybe adding those things back would be great. WISH I NEVER UPDATED IT!!
Never had this problem before kind of bull crap
Links aren't working, not sure if this is a Facebook issue or not
Perfect
The new update keeps causing Facebook to force close
Perfect!
The title says it all, even though it opens on this GS4 on 4.4.2, I have another phone running on 4.2.2 in which it "tabs down" 2 seconds after you press the icon.
It won't let me play the videos,  i have uninstall it and i re-uninstall it and it won't still work,  can yall fix it please.
Samsung Tab 3 I can't even stay in the app for 10 seconds without crashing
Uses too much data
After recent updates to the app I had to delete. Yes you are able to post and review friends posts, however it takes up to much space and battery juice causing slow and sometimes timed out issues. As well when looking into account privacy...people please check frequently. I noticed devices and locations not my own accessing my account even after resetting passwords and signing out frequently. There definitely needs to be a review in these matters. Easy use doesn't compensate for security!
Keeps telling me I have a poke when I do not...  AND NOW  tell me that I chat  messages when I don't. And I can't get  rid of it.. even when I go to check the message or try to check it with Facebook messenger.**10/24/2014 new problem is that is seems to add people to my check in  who are not there. And there seems to be no way to remove a person from check in on mobile.  I'm traveling and not near a pc
Always says error loading news feed. VERY ANNOYING.
Facebook need a real update I like it and everything but its getting boring change the color do whatever its needs Facebook looks dead
This app always needs an update grrrr and takes up to much space . Thinking of deleting
Connie lerner
Aparte se cierra sola
Please fix it...every time i watch videos the end is cut off because video just stops,app crushes and i need to wait about 5sec to recover after i press home button.
My app will not work properly and after a while the updates started to take to much space, and now i cant even use the app
Almost all photos in posts are not showing up.  Little circular arrow symbol only
Its taking to much space :(  im unstalling it
Bhair
Raza
Facebook
Nice
no just lost my Facebook u won't hook me back up
Keeps closing out and runs down my battery.
its good but rather slow
It worked fine until about four updates ago, now it crashes all the time and won't even load properly!

The links don't work properly anymore
To many ads
The newest update is causing me issues,  I keep clicking create group instead of most recent because the groups list is now above the feeds list.. really annoying..
To nosey and to many changes all the time
Always gets stopped...its a shame on the path of such a big name.
Much better than the old one.
Slow, doesn't load pictures, freezes. Almost unusable! This is the same on my nexus 7 tablet and Moto g phone. Terrible
Can not type 2 words inwithout it jumping back to my home page ! The same thing with the the notification page !  It so very aggrevating ! I'm terribly did appointed that this has gone own since september it's is now oct. 23 soon to be november , this was mention inthe begining of september it's still aggrevating  me, to be called a social media that 's not working properly for such a long period  of time !  Again i'm terribly disappointed in something i truly find relaxing. Miss printing words , no correction, printing what it wants , not what i printed ! Like above how it miss printed disappionted ! Fix it please , i miss my F.B.  family. Smile  have a great day. Thank you.
Well done on yet another faulty update. Can't even log in now. Bravo!
Hard to get in with pass word and my name not spelled right.I always have to change password
Awesome
Can't see today's birthdays, only future birthday's. Galaxy S4
Nice
News feed jumps all over the place.. No in chronological order
Cant comment cant like when I do it just disappears keeps forcing close oh and not to mention  the battery power it drains really gettin on my nerves plz fix this and ill give you your other 4 stars back
Facebook uses way too much data now!! It's stupid...
C
I hated it. I downloaded it to my tablet, but I had to delete all of my apps and re-download. I then, re-downloaded all of my apps but either this or Messenger worked, so I checked how much more space I had left and it said "90.32MB" so I tried to download it once more and it said "Sorry, there's not insuffiecent space on this device" Please fix and I'll report better. :-)
Well ok on LG G3 Phone & Pad
I have to admit I am addicted but it has some flaws
New update now is slower takes for ever to open up
Way to sliw and some of the time it does what it wants , cuts off
Stopped my notifications.freezes,turns off
Its closing by it self and taking too much space!!:(
All us facebook ppl should just uninstall the app so maybe they can change it but i think we should until they fix it!! Whos with me ?
People do not get this app it's sucks it takes up to memory and it won't update every week don't get it it sucks just going to Google I'm typing Facebook that's all you got to do
Laser
I just updated my phone and Facebook deleted itself and won't let me install
Older version was better when you weren't forced to install messenger
Loved
Takes to much space
So anyone and faster and easier.......i salute yoh fb
Actually I hate Facebook all the way around.  We need to get our faces from always being buried in our phones and computers and experience human contact face to face, nota Facebook.  Experience nature without your phone in your hand taking pictures so you can post them on Facebook ... unplug people ... Get off the network & let's reconnect as human beings before humanity goes all to hell ...
Facebook
Good
It takes so much time to get the updates
It the best app at killing time in my book
App has problem with news feed
Awsm
Why are people getting Hacked everytime I turn around one of my FB friends are getting HACKED. I'm about to delete FB all together. Fix or FB will no longer be because who wants there acct. Hacked. This is there personal stuff being aired. It's BOGUS!!
I use this app alot but since the update it keeps closing everytime i press on it???  so im Not happy and have tried ways to get it workin but its not happening
The messaging system really isn't that good,and it keeps crashing.
Can you do something that we can save the shared videos so that we never lose it... thanks
Thanks google
Works fine on my phone but continually shuts down when looking at on my tablet. Fix that please! So annoying and a waste of space.
Deezy Gh
Somehow now its alot slower than normal, sort it out
Nice
Woow..!
The new update sucks. It's always force closing. It's almost impossible to use now. If things aren't fixed soon I am going to uninstall.
Needs to bring back the button to switch from "top posts" to most recent on the main page
Who
Hhhhhh
I like facebook.
It is good as it always is and enjoy it
love it
Past 3 updates have rendered app useless for HTC Hero. No images, cannot reply, notifications do not link properly to threads...poor lag.
The bast
I've never had the problems im having now out of Facebook app. This update/bug fix just down right sucks! Constant crashing....slow sign on screen...etc. Seriously want to delete forever.
After the last update of my samsung galaxy tab 3 the facebook app is always crashing and sending me to the homepage after 10 seconds ..im really annoyed from this issue and hope to solve this problem soon...
Friend me (:
need too much space to run :@
Verry good
I like it
I like it
Can't do away this powerful social media....!!
Much better
Yo thats all i got to say
Im about to delete this app. At least 3 to 5 times a day I get kicked off saying its not responding or force closing.  For some reason it's been so slow lately to load then after waiting all that time it says foreclosing.  Wth is going on? Been having problem for about 2 months now. Ive reported several times.
Latest update always crashes a few seconds after starting. Tried reinstalling but no difference. Was a really good app but now utterly useless. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
I like apps
This app continue s to.freeze and close randomly. Lots of space lots of updates that r even worse versions of.the app
Nice
OKAY! GETTING REALLY TICKED OFF!  Someone want to tell me WHAT is going on with the constant closing? I uninstalled and reinstalled?  Ran virus scans and everything! Getting REALLY aggregating.
Stop scrolling to the top of my feed when I look at one video
My timeline is messed up, it starts with posts from 3 days ago, please fix.....Not showing my videos clear....
It doesn't put up my news feed .....and when I try to reload it  nothing happens....I wish I could rate it with no stars!!!!! Closes all the time! Fix app!!!
No simileys
Facebook
551607
Dipika
Very good
Good app
Hpppppppp
Nice
Doesn't work anymore. News feed won't load. Very frustrating!
On my profile I can't like or comment on anything
Absolutely hopeless app more hassle than its worth
The links to different sites wont open from the Facebook page anymore.  What's up, Facebook?
This apps is very wonderful for users
T takes too much f space of phone memory
Super
After open crash and close self
Richardwest
Its size was took much
Jabir sadath
The only problem I have with this is it drains the battery even when not in use
Its working slower and when i log in it take 15 min to log
Good luck:p
Mind blowing
Yh
Small widgate
Good
Excellent
Very nice
I like
NiCe <3 :D i loVe it ^^ :)
I like this because it is very easy to update pics , videos  and status :-* ;-)
News feed doesn't load properly, if at all.
Turyou23@gamil com
M in luv with my facebook
Good
Help me. People whom I don't even know them r calling me through messenger I can't stop it plus we have to download messenger forcefully or else we can't see our messages. Please fix it. I will surely give you a 5 star rating
This is the best social networking site
It cool man should have back ground music for the profile page or should have a home page mix
Love is life8h
I will learn devotional,ethical,and news from surroundings
Like
Go
Don't download!!!!!! T
Beautiful
Works well
Very good graphics
opening the app is very hard...
Why is it, that when birthday notifactions come up (xyz has a birthday today) when I click on them, it shows me a list of UPCOMING birthdays. I don't want upcoming, I want today's birthdays. Fix please.
never works
Good place to keep in touch with EVERYONE...
App is not updating information on profile since new android update
Nice app
Very nice
Amazing
it keeps freezing up and it shuts off when it wants to???  :-(
Good
Shet
Social
It's annoying and the main reason I'm giving a low rating. Also force closes.
very nice i love it
Lots of work still needs to be done. Some times this app can be very ludicrous!
Singh
I like. Very nice
Fix it .
Hooo
I love it because you can find and connect qith family and friends
Nice am loving it
I'm not a conspiracy theorist but why do you need that much access to my device.
Have reinstalled, have rebooted tab back to factory setting and still crashes all the time. Don't bother!
This app is dam awesome
This is a must app.. Install it..
Postcomment
It keeps closing by itself.
It needs an extra data eating messenger app , I think Facebook should integrate it with it's own app also when sharing a post suggestions come up , are you people trying to reduce sharing, Cuz I don't appreciate that .
when I use my Facebook it is hanging to much and close by itself again and again hated this app !!!!!!
Always not responding, does not load anything as long as this issues are not fixed. I will never going to dowload the unreliable app..
While I'm scrolling it just freezes so I have to press home buuton close/force stop it then open it again
Suxx, eats my space
Ever since downloading new update the app is constantly crashing even over WIFI connection. Will not let me choose to only show recent news feed items. Fix app please.
Very easily navigated. Syncs with laptop pages almost instantly. All my bookmarks and open tabs right there. Very cool for mobile app.
nice
Good
Im using facebook on the browser. I hate this app
Since the new update, app isn't working properly, whenever I opened the app it crashes, unistalling update.that's why giving it 2 stars
The app works well..but it makes me mad that while I'm scrolling my feed it automatically jumps back to the top and I have to hunt my way back to where i was..also..why is the unfollow button missing..there are people on my list where blocking is not an option and I just don't want their posts popping up on my feed..I don't want to unfriend them..that button is also missing.. just the options to block..oh and I prefer to get my messages on my app..you force us to have a second app. Too much space taken...
Not loading news feed properly
Nice app gud
Each time I try to use this app on my tablet, it closes down before I can do anything. I can not even open a picture on someone else's page to make a comment before it shuts off. It used to work great, but now it hasn't worked for several months. PLEASE FIX THIS SO I CAN USE IT AGAIN!!!
Amazing but the location icon on the messages isn't existed I've turned it on from the app  settings but still not working
nice apps
Can't upload any photos since update :(
How long should i wait until they download my Facebook
Yhea is goodd
Facebook keep cuting off fix it
nash bernas
Facebook is my life thanks for the app
Best
Lol
Nice
It eats. Too much of space from my mobile memory
Nice.....
It restarts my feed all the time.
Im a facebook user almost everyday. Mostly from my mobile phone. Some actions like adding contributor, edit or edit message cant be seen in mobile unlike in the computers. Wish you can add these to your app soon. Thanks!
I tried to log on to Facebook and it won't let me do it it won't remember my password for Internet anything so forget Facebook
Good one
Orissa.
Best app ever made
I waited 18 mins for this app to download and it came up with a error message ... And several adverts AN ERROR MESSAGE AND SEVERAL ADVERTS !!!!!! #@?!*
Ok
Jay shree krishna
It is a dick move to actually give notifications of new msgs but have the messenger app installed to view them.
A little bit
Can't save pics from Facebook to device pllzz work on it
Guuddd fb
I want to update my account settings specifically my mobile number but it won't let me access the page. Tried doing this online and using the Facebook app. It's been like this for ages..Please sort it out and I will give 5*
Much improvement
Freedom from all my stress levels and the thing that means you need some contact me. "Ladys"

ADDICTED TO FB
Jst dnt like it anyme
Doesn't help at all Too many bs questions n stuff
wow
I find it amazing how given the enormous amount of problems with this app, the developers never take the time to respond.
Love having it on my phone
Closes randomly, but everything else is awesome!
Nice
Since update can't upload video links from YouTube
Awesome app love it
New and good device for human being
It gets hanged takes lot of time...pls get it fixed else don't provide updates to make matters worst...
Why do you need soo many permissions? Access to my pictures, contacts, sms, call log, sd card? No privavy concerns at all. UNINSTALLING.
Takes up to much space
Khub baro page khole.
And on the left where you can change. Settings, it claims unsecured connection
Ibs Basari
It's fine.
Facebook
Zucky, you have failed this city.
Shed load of boll##
Omg
Niaz1122
Just great. Most features are supported.
Why should asking me "why" if i want to remove the post from ads or friend post, its so annoying. Just erase it from my post!
Neden kapanmaya zorluyor? Cok kotu.
Good
I love facebook but sometimes not at all good.. if I have a lot of download super slow I'm waiting along to loading
Awesome
I like it very much
Az306647
P
Stupid fb keeps crashing when I go into a profile or want to share or comment on something! It is very annoying!  FIX IT!!!
Pedal
Since I installed it I have never opened it and when I try all they say is low on space
the app is nice.. but i want to open my messages in the app itsely.. why is it openin the messenger?? how can i fix it?
Well it's probably the. Best app
Perrrggghhh...
Love it
this is the perfect app 2 ever have! i give it 5 thumbs up & its the #1 app on the market!! i luv it!!
Me
Superb
Theres always an update and it keeps sucking my battery life. I have a battery life app and it always says facebook is the cause. Plus you have to install messenger and that doesn't help my battery life either.
Lately I've had problems opening it. First it kept asking for a new password. Now it keeps saying waiting for network.
Like it but always problem when I use it
better apps but please fb try to lessen the RAM consumed.
It STILL crashes ALL the time. I can't be on for more than a minute or two before it force closes. I have an LG optimus elite.
Not being able to check messages without their new app made this one useless.
Panget.! Always Force Closing.!
the more updates, the more narrow the phone memory space
Lovely
no
Hi
Facebook is good for seeing photos,videos,status of friends.Facebook helps us to chatting with our friends.but its speed is too slow and other apps like what's app is very fast.so I give 4 stars otherwise is a good app.
Utter rubbish,keeps closing all the time.
Due to this I have experience tremendous amount of lag on my  otherwise lag free Nexus 5.
Loved it!!!!
LG Optimus
Takes up too much space 
Shuts off
V
Why are we being forced to install messenger?
Error
I like using this app 2 communicate to my family....
Good
Mudah  dan senang   mendapatkan   info semasa
One excellent app have lots of friends easy to talk too
Keep on
Worst and worst
So now it does not work on wifi but i can acess facebook on any browser , and only works on mobile 3g please fix it
Okay
Missing messages between updates
Waste of memory takes up too much space and slow and always crashes
Just uninstalled! Battery used to last all day on my S5 n now it ate it up in about half that time. I'm using the Web interface.
I cant even get into it its no bueno
Nice apps
Latest update is really sucking please fix it...  it takes too much time to open and even its slow thn dnt work ... gona uninstall it !
My app will sometimes just randomly close. Does ma head in. I have a HTC Desire 500. Facebook please fix this and bring an update
Good job! But tooks too much space..
Faster
Hello..
Fb working fast now
Excellent
Love it
Lol c.c.c
Even when shifted to sd card it takes lots of storage
This bloody thing updates once a week and it has taken like 200 mb space!!! That is 10 times the size of the app. One advice, STOP BLOODY UPDATING SO MUCH!
V v good
Nice
good
This is a excellent app
It's 
Faecbook
Awesome app...
Very good
Gyvyv

Some web features hard to find or non existent. iOS version better
Ache boooo hleg sucks
just keep on loading and loading !!!!
Okeh deh !
Feature the
Facebook
Its pretty good
Hded
It takes too much memory of my phone and too long to set up the apps..
Good
Me gusta
Too many problems
Ahmed
Dallas
Hi
When i open up it shuts down... it doesnt even say its foreclosing
Bakit ang pangit n ng facebook palagi nlng facebook isn't responding kainis. . Paki ayus nmn poh... pag naayus n ggwin kong 5 star rate koh... slamat... :-(
I'm so disappointed that such a basic feature hasn't been integrated yet.
;kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
I like it.
Like it
Clicking a link opens a browser, but doesn't load a page.
Can't download it
Asolole
hi
Thanks
Sthupha
Great experience with Facebook app its very useful for communication
Nice
I like ( y ) it
Wow
Whenever I use the application it slows my phone down considerably
Not good very very very bad dont wst ur timeee
Boring
When you click a link, Chrome opens but the link doesn't.  Bummer.  Don't get me started on the algorithm to figure out what to show you...
Super
So obviously u are in cahoots with phone companies on how to up our phone bills. .. EveryTime some one replies to my specific comment I have to click and load to see it which takes five minutes as I'm with amaysim think I will stop using it soon if I can't see people's responses
Awesome
You guys have the tools and manpower to make this a better app yet you continue to make it worse ( along with making my phone worse) every time. I hate fb messenger and facebook in general, the only reason I use it is because of friends who don't have phones. I should be able to check my messages without having to download another app which IS ALWAYS ON AND USING DATA WHICH I CANNOT AFFORD TO PAY FOR!
Not bad..
Love It But Laggs
Great customer service
Stucks the download at 93% and blocks
Awesome!
Don't download the thing keeps for closing
Javeedkahan
please fix it. When appers on my phone is always say that low on space. Please fix it.
Can talk to mates and doesnt cost anything :-)
I like
I cant Copy|paste some wall message,only comment...
They FINALLY added the ability to reply to comments, which was my last major complaint with this app. 5 stars!
Why does the app keep closing by itself??
Just headache only , can't open nicely always in 100 just .5 tym open
Nice f b
Trying to open links from Facebook but it doesn't work
Does not work , help !?
Ok
Nice app .. but u need to take care of fake accounts :(
Nice but it takes a lot of space
Welcom
Best for friends
It keeps kicking me out of app and I have to uninstall it then reinstall it??? Annoying.
M.asif
I hate Facebook and because I can't reach 4 stars and I don't want to move my hand there so ya
news feed download
Jewel
Make my fon slow .. pls fix tq
I like this.
Good one to connect with friends
Excellent
super
Very good
It's owsem
Nice Facebook
Good
Worse FB ever
Closes off by itself when I'm looking through the newfeeds
For some reason FB keeps shutting down in me. I've shut down my phone, shut down the appt, and uninstalled/reinstalled. Please fix =)
My fav book..
Like the friends joint the Facebook
You should fix some problems with chat and that would be awesome
Takes up to much space, to many updates, constantly have to clear data, have had to reinstall several times, wtf????
The app does not work! I literally have to go into my settings and force stop it every single time I want open it. It's easier to go to my mobile browser and get on Facebook. I have uninstalled it, reinstalled it and I make sure it's updated. I don't understand why it doesn't work?!
Happy diwai
Thanks again. They're a great deal
facebook
I like it
Stupid app if want chat we should download messenger app 34mb
Like
It perfect
Very helpfull
Excellent
567890
Every time I installed it, it fails to work and I have to immediately uninstall it. Gives me a message saying error in downloading. WTF PEOPLE REALLY
Good
Good app but keeps crashing. If fixed I'll rate 5 stars.
I hate that it keeps wanting to take me to the top.
Every time I use this app, after 2 mins it throws me out and sends me back to my homepage.  I know I'm not the only one experiencing this as many of my friends have also said how it chucks them out. If it was fixed then it would be 5 stars all the way.
Sumon
Facebook
Super
V nice
too much space
927
I am
Superbb
I can only see what is at the top of my page. When I try to scroll down and see other posts the app closes. Fix this!
If it opens it invariably takes 20 mins. More often than not however it just shuts down my tablet - very annoying - if it ain't broke don't fix it!!
A  very best site ,. ..
Does not perform well on my samsung tab 3 10.1. Keeps shutting down
Cool somebody
need to allow copy text
Recently, the FB apps takes so much space on my phone. When i'm about to install it's 23.07mb. Where in the world it had sucked up into 93.05mb?? Please do something to fix this and improve the apps.. Thanks!
Always closes by itself no matter what I'm doing.
(y)
Super cool
Im always using facebook evryday
Facebook
It keeps closing after I open it up.
chief chiddoni
Time pass
This latest update has completely messed up the app on my Note 3. It constantly crashes every time I try and go on. When I get on its news feed from the previous day and just keeps loading, but no pictures will come up. Please fix this it's very annoying!
Excellent
Great aapp
Cobaan
It would be nice to be able to search in groups. Also, to be able to log in to more than one page.
Good app
I think i should buy a separate phone with atleast 100 Gb memory just to use Fb!  They don't want us to keep any other app with it thats y takes all the space!
It's cool i guess. Too slow at times cuz so many people use it....
So slow .. loads everything slow takes to much space ...
Can't copy text
I got the new version
App will not update feeds, nor will it load comments or anything else, since the last two updates (both of which came within a day, or less, of each other. In order to get anything to load, I have to force stop the app, then reopen it. Also, the app has suddenly started using up a lot more data than it used to; it was my phone's top app for data consumption last month, and it's normally 3rd. I haven't used it any more than I usually do.
Its really awesome app i love it
With every update it gets worse. Since the last time, 'can't connect' is basically all i get on either data or wifi.
nice i like it
Ak
Sk Nagula
Piink lips
Great
Now the app is too slow in getting images, conments even over a decently fast network connection.
Maryjane briones
cool
Big annoying
475974
Recent update make constan FC.. Its annoying
So slow can't uplaod video bullshit.
I like it's
The new update is horrible. Every time I like a post or picture it jumps to another story down the page... and I've been have the error loading thing too. Please fix! Yes first world problems...
This app is running very slow, also page gets stuck and will not load.
Nic
love it
Ms
It is the best
Its way to search old friends
I hate that I have to download a different APP to read messages. And also why isn't the News Feed MOST RECENT, I really don't care what happen 3 or 4 days ago, most likely I already read it!!
Aniket
I hate Facebook. There is nothing. New same stuff
Couldnt update so uninstalled and now it says i dont have enough memory on my phone which is not true, or its a case that fb has made their application even bigger and now cant download it. Not happy
Every time I tried to share something on th my page would go black
Cooooooooool!!!!!
Easy 2 connect and manage.
Every time I open this app it refreshes back to a friends post I commented on a quite while ago! It drives me nuts. I want to open the app to MY UPDATED feed not someone elses old photo. Please fix this!!!!
Does the job.  Too much space used and stored.  About to go back to browser to look at FB.  At least I can see messages there.
Hate that I need a whole  New app just to message someone
Opo
Thanks
Too much of updates with no changes after  update. Just killing the data pack.
The app struggles to load the feed half the time. Takes up way to much space. And is intrusive.
Kan
I used this aps but always slow
Hindi naga-upload ang picture ko kahit na i have strong signal in wifi or internet
I love you
You should restart your phones to work facebook
when i am using to send msg or coment so it is need face book masengers to install so need two software to use this
It works
Shosho
I have an error problem when its installing
Has many probs in this app
Too mwny updates an takes so much space. But I need it to be in touch with my friends arrownd the world so it's okay lol
Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome

I love it! My wifi needs to be faster thoe! (;
Aalok
POOR VERY POOR lot Of My Space Will be Going in It Fix FU*kn
Comment
When I download it always 23megabites when its downloaded its 68megebites in my cellphone
One of the best networking app for juggling with friends n creating awareness n even promoting circles around worldwide nation....
Ever I love the app :-)
I love it
Kills my data. And im supposed to be on an unlimited plan. Smh. Tighten up y'all
I use a Samsung Galaxy Tab3 and uploaded the Facebook app,  every time I post a status the program freezes and shuts down, basically I can't do any thing but look......
I am sick and tired of Facebook going blank for hours at a time and I have to constantly update it everyday or uninstall/reinstall. Fix the glitches!
Wawo it's wonderfull app to connect the people!
I can't upload Pictures to comment always failed. Every time I've try upload it and my phone lock it self somehow upload failed. And also pictures selection sucks like hell, i must find my photo within 1500+ others pictures. Going to Uninstall it.
Kinda bugged but its ok
Where its at.
Nexus 4 - after the most recent update my phone won't open internet links from the app. It just pulls up the browser with the last page I was on. Phase fix!
Good

I like verry nice fecbook
To much problems time to log in problems.  to log out it's problems the dam app keeps up dating
Good
Still crashing on Samsung Galaxy tap 3 Uninstalled resinstalled still crashing update as of 10/23/14 after updating still crashing on tab 3
Since the last update it is slow and fails to load most of the time. Also have problems with it an messenger draing my battery... what the heck Did you all do this sucks
Appreciated.
It keeps crashing and it is annoying I cannot complete my class assignments fix it Google
Amee
Too much space and very annoyed hat I've to go elsewhere to access my messaves
Very Good
Lovely Facebook...okey
It's always sum thing different that don't be different it just takes up space/memory for no reason.... it won't let me stay logged in??? Ugh it's terrible!!!
Just got the note 4 and none of the Facebook notification are coming through. The badge shows up on the App saying I have like 4 notifications, but my phone never gets a notification like a beep or vibrate or anything.  Any idea why? I've checked the app settings and all notifications are turned on
Usefull
great...
ilike it so much :-)
Good app undoubtedly .would be get to hear from Mr mark z occasionally
Good
Good
Facebook
Awesome Gud aPp... <3
Goog
Nice..
Wow very nice
NICE
Daniel hate theb
Can't get on face book y
Super but too much space
loved it
Nice timepasd
Now takes 5 mins to open since update
I don't want to install the messenger app so please let us read messages without installing it
Suprrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Its nice to upload pics.. but its kinda heavy app my phone hangs again and again
shaifu
Artlouie hechanova
I was using facebook and everything was fine but suddenly it stoped and every time i try to open it everything stays loading forever
i always have problem with fb
Love it
Great apparently..love it
Keeps closing down
Good.
Love this app but can u make it for android 2.3
So verry good.i am using this app.
CHANGE
Too much space required for memory.
Hate how your stupid app can't default to most recent. Hate how your stupid app automatically refreshes when I'm in the middle of view all the other posts, making me lose my place.  Hate how when the previous happens some posts that I just got a glance at before your stupid refresh occurred, just magically disappear.
Gud
Hg
Good
Sajal
This app starting to act slow
It is not able even to open facebook after update .if got opened immidietly closes by itself.why
Cool boy
Nice
Why you always block my fb?? You do not know what I'm done with my fb.. you know i use this app just for advertising my business, but when i add more people in purpose to give details to my customer you always block my fb.. what wrong?? , and when I join so many group in fb you also block.. What the purpose you create this app?? Tell me?? When you block my fb, and you said to verify whether I'm using this fb only one account.. how should i do?? If my first account you also block.. i hope it can be normal...
Force synchronizes all my contacts with the 500 people from facebook i don't care about. Of course, it doesn't ask. Then when i removed  the facebook sync (which thankfully is still an option), it duplicated all my Google contacts and merged all my previous non facebook and facebook contact info into one random contact. Now i don't know who is calling me because that single contact shows up for every call. Facebook literally rapes users phones. Asking for my consent in this regard would be nice. Do i want 500 people's contacts on my phone? Hmm... The app design has improved from the old design, but facebook forces itself into every aspect of our technology without our consent. There should be a law against this. Seriously.
Social networks
Its pretty good I would recommend it if you like Facebook.
Communicate by others
Ok
Ads are loading faster than images. Images are not loading while scrolling over news feed... I have a good speed for my WiFi and also I using 3g but after the previous update, I am facing trouble in loading images while scroll down. It takes more time to load. And the latest update drains more battery!

Too slow
Facebook  is not setting  in my  phone
Love it
Good
Like it!!!
We are connected old & new frnds, relatives & some new person...
B
Nice the best app
Not fun anymore.getting old
Alom2014
Don
Africa
I love this app until this app makes me want to throw my phone.fix this!!!!!
Too much time
Ecellent........
Good
After adding reply to a comment it become the best
Plz
It always says ERROR LOADING NEWSFEED! Even when i restart my phone it doesnt load the recent newsfeed!so i have to turn my phone off a few times so i can see my recent facebook newsfeed!it really sucks and a waste of time everyday that i'll try to check my fb i hope u can fix it!it annoys me im sorry.,and now im trying to uninstall it but i cant i click the uninstall button and then the update and open button is all that appears!i try to log out my account too but i cant wtf is happening to fb'new update??
Memang best giler
Very bad
GO TO HELL FACEBOOK. Your fucking policies are a slap in the face to all people.  Why does this app need to use my phone to call without my intervention? This seems to me like a big intentional security breach, no app should be allowed to cal phones without that the user actively gives permission!
Very good
Nice
Coooooool!!!!!!!!!
Cool
I hate the new update!!!!!!
Good
Families live so far away and time flies by so fast.  Facebook allows you to see your family grow.
Nice
Facebook
Like it
I like it
Always jumps out of fb goes to home page.

Facebook
Crashes every time I attempted  to use
Great free easy app fun way to connect with family and friends
it's a good socilal netwrk to join people 2 people...
I like it
App work sometimes.
I love my india
Super
Gudt
Please fix this...
Very good
Great
Fun and exciting
Nt bad
Jdm
Very fast and accurate, it is very easy to navigate and has a great new look!
It occupies to much space on my phone
I have to use facebook on my browser since the latest update the app constantly quits on my brand new Galaxy S3 tablet.  If it werent for my childhood friends being on there i would delete this GARBAGE. I HATE YOU, FACEBOOK!
Dwwscgf
I like how Facebook managed to sync everyone's contacts onto my phone although I have it under Don't Sync.
.slow connection
love it

Ale uto
All is well
v
Takes up so much space. My phone is lagging because of it.
Why it takes so much space on the phone .... What have you done ?!!!!
//
LIKE CHEATING, I Love My Family and  I  Love My Curlture
Suleymanli
super duper game
Loving it
Very gud ..
It's awesome....One should try it
what an amazing App...!!!:)
Displaying last active/login times is absolutely ridiculous. Please get rid of that feature. I should have the option to choose whether or not I want people to know if I'm online or my last login.
Pekpekmosmooth
Its good now
To much space, closes by itself and never let's me play recordings that other people post.
Super it
Very nice app...easy to use...and brilliant app...
G
Its crazy
Nikhilrsj
This doesn't work anymore. I can't use it on my tablet because it keeps shutting down. Uninstalled and reinstalled,  still doesn't work!
Ve to reinstall install it many times
facebook
It always crashes every 5 seconds. Every time when i open my friends profile it automatically exits the app. Pls fix this.
Good
Unnecessary  wastage of memory
Hate the new update..
What have you done?? It's slow, takes up storage,  and just sucks.
Nice app
Crazy
As soon as i go into the app it gives me a glimpse of what people are saying and as it auto refreshes it crashes like i need this fixed and how about load a basic facebook app
Very good
It's too slow please do something about it...
Covering very much space in my phone and takes lots of tym to load
wtf? your app didnt really doing reliability and speed
So slow
Hi
Working fast
Rok
facebook
I am getting at least 10 empty notifications a day. I have to open the app to clear them and nothing new is there. Plus it takes to entirely too much space on my phone.
Very nice
Acceptive
Inprove it
Nice app
All the updates and its just getting more complicated.
It is not so intrersting
Keyboard keeps dismissing when edit post
Tushar
Yankeesugarsback
Vary good
All
Issue while Logout
GT-18150
IT TAKES SPACE ALOT. AND SUDDENLY STOP WTF!! FIX THIS.
Good
Its just awesome
I love face book
Whenever I press back on picture or article it always go to the topmost feeds! For crying out loud we know how to go to the so called newest fed on our own. Having a hard time going to old feeds then BOOM back to the top. And the back option lag so much unlike the 2previous update.
Its not at allgood app
Awesome
It s very useful
The best ever
Good
Social networking
App is improved but still has many bugs
Since the last update I can't use Facebook on my Samsung tablet.  I see from other reviews that others are having the same problem.  Could you please rectify this
nothing
Super speed
Facebook
The most bakwas app is this version of FB
Suparrrb
I have never had any problems with Facebook,  but now on my Samsung Tab it just clises every time i open it. I have used this app for several years and now i cant get on. I have deleted the app and reinstalled it, but I still cant get on. VERY FRUSTRATING,  I am an Admin on several grou of s, but now i cant use my tablet. GRRRR
On my tab font in my Facebook is too small and I cannot make it bigger.
I always having a problem when i use it.  It takes to much space on my phone and it closes by itself. i always ended up pressing the clear data on my apps. setting just to make the space low but even when im not using it . it continues to get some space and it sucks. Please do something that facebook wont take that much space on our phone .
I like
Too many bugs and bad updates released. Makes it very user-unfriendly
Too many friends,too much smiles
It is for the new generation people who need a good helpful friend
Please fix it then I will give  5 stars. Too many use space and ram. Phone always lagging and stuck!
Install
very good service
Really good
Great program
Very fast n kull love it
I am installing this for the 3rd time on my droid. I uninstalled it because it keeps giving me an error of not responding and force close. Also, its not letting me watch videos. It might be a problem with my phone, but I doubt it.
Not even too gud but oh ya its nic. But gets stop in between.. Newsfeed pics don't get loaded fast.
I only use it at wi-fi cause it sucks MB's
Session expired blah blah blaah.....please login again.(auto close app)it happen again and again and again...i cant use properly the app!please fix this.its better to use internet mobile browser than this app.
Like like like
I hate the fact that in the news feed the recent update isn't the first thing you see and it takes up too much space!
Cool love
I like it
Wow its easy to chat
My phone get it slow
good
Fb
Stary
Facbok
The app opens my facebook, but  try and post anything a picture a comment or share anything. And facebook closes.   Its like being booted off. Again and again,   log back on via the app start scrolling or click on a picture your booted off again.    This app really sucks and is not worth having.
Cmon guys at facebook you need to sort this out i dident upload my videos for nothing and they mean alot to me aswell so can you please sort it as i would like to see them agen thanks
like it
Is slow and sometimes is hard to move in
Nice
New update sucks keeps closing every couple minutes
I tried at least 4 or 5 times but very long to wait it also take up my space hate it better fix it or no face book on my phone
Nice speed gud very nyc
Fun to see other life of friends out there.
Its taking too much of space
Sanjeev kmar
F
Not older version
This is awesomeness
Always shows in the notification "not responding"         what the fffffff!!!!! Too slow since it was updated
Shuts down on its own constantly!
Yay
Why is there no HD video playback option?! Nonstop idiocy from this terrible app.
Good
:)
Too invasive, too many ads, new messenger forced on you, weird feeds, battery hog, no proper quit. App is going bye bye.
it keeps  crashing every time i open it it closes back up i can't use it:( please fix or if someone knows how to fix it crashing down every time please tell me..i dislike it crashing and foreclosing every single time...
Aztig
Face book me name bunrath heng
Icicu
Amaze !!!
Good
Is good &faster
Thinks there's no internet connection when there obviously is.  Won't load images half the time. Takes up HUGE amounts of space. Requires an outside app for messaging. Stuck on this "top stories" baloney. Ugh, so over it, Facebook.
Very good I happy
Even after UNistalling this app, FB continues to text me with the ridiculous "There are 9 people you may know". I don't know why these kind of "companies" cannot understand that my Smartphone is just as private and personal as my pc and I do NOT wish to be solicited on my PRIVATE phone more so within my home!
cannot view photos on albums....shiiittt  stupid update....
Good
Excellent..!!
Just works well and no issues
1k no
Thank you
h
I cannot log in. It again and again says log in session expired. fix it please!!
I hate it now..  What happen to facebook..  I cant access tha site it always not rezponding?  Why cant i log in...
John Lock
To much up date taking up space n then it stilling me to down load message to chat or open my message on my phone.
Ughhh...is wat i say and think everytime i get on fb now bc this app has gotten wayyyy worse than usual!! & messenger really? Why all the extra?? Cant i just do everything on fb from 1 app that works at least half the time---ughh...
Haven't had any problems with this app yet so I recommend!
Excellent
When I use it in 3time it can't open..and such a lot of updates
I love it
Fantabulas
Hm
Doesn't load
* * * * it crashes once in a blue and recently has begun kicking me out of fbook.
love it..
Horrible horrible app! It keeps kicking me off, force quitting and logging me out. This app is complete horse**** and until they fix it, I am uninstalling.
I always like to this.            Because this is teach me something always
Nice
Love it
55686233
Faltu
Awesome!!
ada fb bisa mempunyai bayak teman bergaul di dunia maya
crashes when pressing the globe button(notifications)¡­ the app gets closed

Facebook App Is So Weird ! When I Log Out My Facebook Acvount, And I'll Signed In Again It Does'nt Work.
Good
Okay
Googleplay
Super
RajatRarajanMahanti
i can not log in , unkown error ocured
Too many updates :|
It takin to much space

Better
Most recent update sucks! Every time I'm scrolling down my news feed, it exits out of fb all by itself. My phone is overheating as well, due to the most recent update.. It just sucks!
Takes to long to getting to the log in page stays loading says setting up Facebook  please fix your errors on this App
Good
G
Oj
My facebook app keeps closing out randomly, when i go to repost or click on some ones profile to view it im getting very anger please fix soon as possible, i have a samsung galaxy tab3
I'm really love it because i can chat with my family and my friend...
Nice
lutchie lerog
Not working
Good
Kiccha

Last update stuffed my newsfeed. Too many unnecessary updates probably to put more spyware o our devices.
Wont let me download
Crap.. Consume more space and battery as well as memory.. Cannot send messege.
Excellent
When i log out they connect and out fix this new update is sucks!
Facebook videos are not working. Please fix video streaming bug
The app exit more times when read post and make scroll please fix this problem. My device Samsung galaxy tab 3
guDdddfff!!!!!!!!!
Nice
Super excellent
apppppp
Face book
It's cool
I like n luv it
bad startup speed
No recent news anymore!!!!
I hate it when it asks me to download chat app. What's the use of this app when I can't use chat option from here
Tfc
Killing battery, force closing and bloating up the phone now. Half the time it won't reload the news feed now. This app sucks so hard.
Evolution
semira
The Android version of this app is terrible compared to the Apple version. It eats up too much battery, it takes forever to download pictures over wi-fi (and you can forget video), and with this recent update, I'm getting errors when I try to update my feed. None of this happens when I use the app on my Apple products so I've uninstalled it on my Android. Totally annoyed!
When I click on a vid to play on my timeline it starts then stops... Never to startup again! Also, kinda laggy on the refresh... This occurs when I have full signal at 4G LTE speed,and the ability to view other messages would be great,oh n capability to send vids via inbox...definitely then a 5 star rating- Samsung Galaxy S5
It is very nice. But it isn't showing upcoming friends birthday on mobile facebook. Do something. Secondly in previous version vedios can be downloaded but not in this version.
News feed is not loading
koyappalla..oppikkam!
very good
Too many update!!
Simply superb
Since update Fb want even load correctly always sayin can't load news feed try again
Its amazing
Everything is bullshit....not a good app...just a waste to download...
Mast
Nice services
Sumon
Its awesome
Excellent app
This is so so so so beautiful and I like it and I love it
Apps
nice
Grt for mobiles
What is that game? xD
super slow and super high Ram use
Its well,but forcing install of messenger is bad act
Every time I try to like or comment or even open the app it facebook has stoped.
I used to run Facebook on my HTC one x, so it should run just fine on my HTC One M8 right? Wrong. Nearly every time I open the app, it freezes and refuses to let me scroll or pick a news feed. Thinking this was a phone error, I exit the app and try to use something else. The other app works perfectly. I don't know what the issue is,  I am just hoping it will be fixed soon or I will be forced to use a webpage instead of the app.
Why I can't share the link and video in my wall
Facebook is the Best Application Where You Meet Old and New Friends And Families Around The Globe
Too many updates too many space,this is an app not journal!
It
Fb acting up. Fix asap
There's many error happening...I can't post a photos...So disgusting!! I wan't  you to check this..
Sux
I don't like the fact that I have to keep updating or the fact that I have to install another app to see messages BUT I hate using the online Web version of facebook. So with that being said, this app is a good app especially compared to the online version. 
Best
What the hell is going on?
Fok
All the updates, but rarely if ever actually see a change. Sup with that?
Awesome
young donault
Cool
Best game i have seen on android so far
i hate when it crash always.
I like chicken fingers :)
new android version is one of the best social app.
Like this awesome
Can u send me now my Facebook.? Bcuz i really need it now.
I like
Since the latest update none of the videos or pics will load its getting pretty irritating bput ready to uninstall this app
Like the app but it keeps shutting down. I have a samsung galaxy tab 3 as well as my mom and it keeps shutting down on us. Please fix!
Too much space
i love it
Latest update has caused app to run slow and stop repeatedly. Once I exit app I'm given screen that says Facebook not responding do you wish to report/wait/OK
It's ok
GRRRRRR FACE BOOK DOES  NOT STAY ON KEEPS KICKING  OFF I DON'T  LIKE IT
Its not that much good because it needs more updates in a week
New update crashes every time and widget won't load ...also,freezing other progd
Good but not  better
It just made me laugh to come to this page and see that the most recent update was to "improve reliability and speed." I was coming here to complain that not only is it not showing the most recent in my "most recent" tab it's taking forever to load. Facebook the company that believes in fixing something until it's broken...
Ok thx
Was ok before the last update now I have no photos on my timeline. Please fix.
I have to work on this app way too much, un-installing and re-installing.
Awesome app
Saya nak kata guna sebab facebook bagus sangat baik okey,,,
i love this facebook app
The best way connecting people
Awesome update! It has everything you need keep it up.
nice
Good
Baik dan berformasi
Just wont load done reinstall and nothing totally disappointed
Good cn be still better
I don't more like fb

Try it and I love it
Good
Gsls
I really love this app. It gives pleasure .
This app is great ..!!"I like this .
Good
I need 2 log in to my account, but I cant
Hello
5
In the social media game you gave us a a choice to gather our friends and family together now you choose to separate us from you as a company called Facebook. We trusted you we loved you and now you take away the one thing that makes you Facebook our voices. You are not worthy of having us. We let you in our lives and you abandon us:'( solded us out for more cyber real estate. So now that we gave you life we should kill you like we did MySpace. We made Facebook what it is and WE CAN KILL IT!! S4FFUENTES @YA
Good app
Love it
Good
Gud
Superbbb
Its very good
Bullshit version sucks whole of the internal memory and still does not work.
Good app.
hot
The Most recent feed shouldn't be in a completely different place, you should be able to use it as default, and anyways it doesn't even work, posts from months ago come up after about 2 pages, there's something wrong there. And also pictures take forever to load.. And sometimes they won't load at all even after closing and reopening the app, I'm tired of it, please fix.
Can't live w/o it.
I change my rate.. Before it I was give 5 stars,, but now?? Only 2 stats.. Facebook apps is running DOWN!!
I can't view videos. please fix. Cherry Mega
Love this application
Please remove messenger want new facebook
Sucks
Awesome
I like it
How come I cant block my stats from ppl from my phone?? I have to do it from a PC or laptop only??
Out side its even more unpretendimg itd a fake Webster dictionary okay NM?
Good
You use should put the passcode update in android devices, so we can use our facebook so easy, just putting the passcode like the ios devices.
Y
The updates have only made facebook app slow. Sometimes, I simply want to bang my head on the wall out of frustration because I can't even update status, make posts or like anything. I just keep staring at it, wishing it to start working till my patience runs out. And keyboard keeps crashing every time I try to make a post. Doesn't show all my notifications. Doesn't update the news feed either. I hope the next update makes it better.
Its really awesome
The photo's don't focus. That pretty much it. It used to but now it doesn't.
Verry good
Worst app I have ever seen
Good"*"
Gud
Way to many updates and space taken up.
I loved it, Facebook is importand with me, this version was great,,,,,, how cool~~~
Great
Nice
Hii
Will not download Messenger. Period.
I don't care for the message app and it never loads properly!
Everytime i open the app it force closes i need stuff to do on Facebook and i cant fix it and ill give you 5 stars
Wonderful!
My  fb account lost i hate it
I love Facebook its a good way to stay connected to friend's
Only reinstalling this because I have no choice.  Contacts won't sync and can't make phone calls without relinking all contacts features  -  Facebook included.  Notwithstanding, this app earns 2-stars on its own merits.  FB mobile is overbloated and the messenger app requirement is a gigantic pile of steaming poo.  Unfortunately, Facebook has become a necessary evil I'm otherwise perfectly OK with leaving on the PC.  This used to be fun  -  way to jump the shark, Fonzie.
This works really good nd no stopping :)
Toooooooooooooo much space occupied
Waooo what aapp
Hate the prompt preview after share post. Very annoying. ..
Wari
A lot
Awsm
Keeps shutting down when I search or share! Uninstalling if not sorted...
Cool
The App is very good looking too.. ;) ..
Everytime i go to comment the bloody app closes on me ...shiit...
Too much space
Plus there is no setting for changing the news feed so I can't get the latest feed on top
OK naman..
Nice
Fb keeps closing down
It keeps closing. Will only stay open for a few seconds. It used to work perfectly until recent updates. Pretty worthless as it is now.
very better app for chating
Amazing
Not so..... Good
kinda sucks!
The app constantly freezes and shuts with no offer to send a report.
Its new and improved
Best
Ang pogi ko
I love this
Doesn't run as smooth since this last update.. It hesitates..
Iloveitsupperverry ok
Yes
Dont know what happened but this morning it just stopped working! Setting up facebook appeared along with the dreaded spinning circle and thats as far as it goes. Shame.
nise
Good
Great on the go app for those addicted to Facebook, but it's constantly updating and there's not enough space on my Android even with a 64gb micro SD card. Can you do something about that?
Takes forever to load my news feed. Seems like everyday it is asking to be updated. Not impressed at all
it is an awesome app i you boo you are idiot
I love Facebook
Add 'top comments' and 'reply to comments'. *Three stars* {UPDATE} 'Reply to comments' has been added. AWESOME! Now 'top comments' would be great too. *Four stars*
Its a great way of wasting time : D
Its facebook
Great UI.. however, can you include in your update of using less ram usage. It' s a heavy app for some user.  It sometimes restart and ask for re-log-in. And session expires.
I love it
Love it
Doesnt play v¨ªdeos, takes up too much space and no way in hell am i downloading Messangers.
About to uninstall now too many spacesss!! And that messenger!! Is too annoying =_="
I enjoy facebook i meet & learn
Good and  don well
Sj shelagh so chairman ajskxk
I'm glad that I can finally reply using mobile 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GARBAGE
Sangat bagus.
Just installed again and everytime i go into it. It closes. Fix this problem please. Still waiting for you guys to fix the problem.
Good
Very good. .
great
Eh
Very good
istimewa
No
Keep up the great updates , love the new Facebook setup , 1love
apno se milne ka ehsas
i m using this facebook app like computer . specially thanx for share onlyme, friend, option etc.. wonderful user interface thankyou developers..

It's good
Please fix
As of the last 2 updates the app constantly crashes, now unusable. Can't even send error report within app, guess why? Yes it crashes. If I click a pic, click a bid, click the comments, scroll down... Anything, it crashes.
Signs me into someone's account
Very easy to install
Excellent
It's tooooo Slow!!

Don't criy it
Nice
Qq Super
I just love it....it's close to my heart.....
R R Patel
Crashes when you least expect it.
Tuai padi tiga tangkai
Social Network
No option for Top Comments, can't save videos, profile and cover photos must be cropped and can't be uploaded at their original size, doesn't have a built-in photo editor. The UI itself is terrible, sometimes the notifications button doesn't work, the news feed is awful, it's only showing group posts now, while rarely ever showing pages/friends updates, yeah the 100s of pages that I've liked are buried somewhere, only 3-4 of them are showing now. pages' ads and app recommendations are everywhere.
Please fix bugs for android 4.4.2
Always askng forceclose
it's ok
It crashed on me right now and its stuck on the just a moment screen and won't work. I can't log in, I can on the UN updated version. Anyways Facebook sucks now.
Still no option to have most recent as default feed. Most recent has now also moved below groups. Why do I have to continuously read the same posts over and over, some from days ago which I saw on the day, instead of getting an up to date must recent feed as default?
This is the solution to communicate your friends
Awful, thats all i can say, especially this built-in browser.. WHAT FOR? Screw this piece of sh*t
Maganda ang fb dahil masaya"
It's lovely
I always use this. But facebook app too much eat RAM than other apps. Plis fix
Good  but recquires more space
Beautiful
Facebook is slow to download
Works great man
2 good
Great
Very good app.for android
It keeps crashing
Takes up too much memory. Apart from that everything is great.
Its very nice app 2 connect with friends
ITS A LITTLE weird that everytime I download it. IT TAKES TOO MUCH MEMORY SPACE. :/
Astig
Not installing messenger, thinking about removing the normal app.
Always asking me for my password I put the Right One In, but they always say the same thing your password is not acceptable. I know what my password is I'm getting tired of it and that's just the beginning
this app so usefuL for every one from this modern day .. it heLps to coMmunicate in an easiest way even your in a far away pLace but every updates it captured biq storaqe on my phone so that it qets to sLow to Loads .
I loved it alot
Fb is good way to connect with friends
Quick and reliable service.
V V  GOOD APP.
It's like keeping a life long Diary. love the time line concept. If I have to tell you what I was doing 2 years ago I can easily consult my own profile
Loading problem refresh problem
Nice this apps
F@@@#
Facebook
at your finger tipd
Dev Kumar dubey
UNKNOWN ERROR OCCURED...... ??????? CANT LOG.IN
To many up dates and now it is not working right!
tanoli grop
Easy to use
FaceBook is great
What have you done?? It's slow, takes up storage,  and just sucks.
YeS
awesome app
A shameless n cheating act by the developers to steal information and to frustrate android users by making a very cheap n irritating app..battery monster, ram sucker n heavy data consumption, not user friendly ui, constant crashing r just few of many complaints. All this hurts more when it works charmingly on iOS. Facebook is sold to iMORONS
Do not like what they've done with the updates recently.
New updates are the worst!
W.H.Dodson
i joke
Very large mb but its excellent
I don't know why this app so running slow... its take how many munits to installed.... so don't like it...
I like fb
So nice app veriy like u
Put option back to change the size of the font... Would rate it higher but having trouble reading posts sometime...
Very good app
waste of time
Performance issue after version 19 update
Dounload
It crashes all the freakin' time!!!
Gud
Wow
1- I can't share links in a private messages... 2- when I open a link i received as a message in Facebook its open in Google chrome , even if it's a facebook link,  so at least make facebook links opening without leaving the app.............. .. PS : these options are available in iOS version
Awful
It take to much space on Samsung galaxy s2 please fix this zack other wise it is a fabulous app.
Fantastic
This is so fvcked up. I can't edit my privacy settings since i've updated. Fvck facrbook
notifications are delayed sometimes l don't get notification at all and discover a comment or something by coincidence
Facebook
Will not give me my notifications and keep going off line
Nice
I like Facebook  until  end  of my life
Excelant
The App is great !  One problem is the group admin options need to be upgraded .. like to ban users from the app rather than login computer everyrime to do it .. fix it and I give 5 stars
Nice
Awesome

I sometimes have a problem logging on. It can be, and is frustrating!!! Is it possible to use my nickname, Mickey? Thank You.
I .....always used whatsapp but has I told Facebook is the book which I read everyday whatsapp is a super app but this Facebook is the main hero whatsapp has just came now ya I have complain about fb that it hang n bla blA bla but just update it
good and excellent
it keeps on hanging and stoping unexpectadely
App has crashed multiple times since update.  Never had a problem before.
Since the last update, I can no longer post to my friends or my timeline. If I could give it no star, then I would. Have tried uninstalling the app then reinstalling, but still the same result.
After the last update the app wont even open plz fix...Sony Xperia e
Superb excellent
Good one
not good
After updating,always saying session expired...
killer app guys
this is amazing
3 star
i like it
Am tired of it
I have gave this rate for facebook because it is easier to contact you friends and family and just a good website.
Good
#newlook
No syncrnice with contacts
Nice planig
Also keeps crashing every few seconds, Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1, 4.4.2
Hmmm ok... Good app
Good

Lovely app
Good
Makes d fone lag
Ok
Plz... Can any one tell me from where I can check my onl9 friends....
Always crashing. Useless.
Those three words keep on popping whenever I download the app. Care to explain, pleeeeeze!
Really nic one
Keeps getting worse with every update! Can't go 2mins without it closing! I'm getting super frustrated with this app! Uninstall time
so nice
User
Also even if you log out from the app, it stays active for a long time. Gonna uninstall it
Huh

After the last update it hangs on "just a moment" while loading, then stops responding.
Super
Very nice
Face book
I love it
I hate that now you have download the messenger application just view and reply to your emails, well not happening, I will just get on my browser or my laptop! :P
Keeps running in background never used to do this. Have to exit manually.this will drain your battery faster
Hi. Auto rotate is not working after you click on Photos. Please fix. Thanks. 
Bakwas
Wyy the hell it keeps closing?! Fix this!
Loved it
Good
Yes
Zabardast
Fix it...auto stop of this app is disgusting
It always shows setting up Facebook or either hangs
My favorite apps
One day I went on to facebook and suddenly all the posts were gone...It said i needed to add friends but I already have so many please fix this if not all my memory in side facebook will be lost.
Thank you
It would be really helpful if I can read my news feed from where I left it.
EXCELLENT
Facebook please dont give stress on fast and reliability.. But give stress on its ram usage as every user of facebook want this app but due to its ram usage which is too high which lead to dis-satisfaction among customers as they are not able to use other apps and if they do.. Their phone becomes too laggy.. Then they starting uninstalling it and using it by a browser.. And using the messenger app for chatting which is some much lighter than facebook app..
A Must-have app ofcourse!
Awesome how I enjoy the app more than visiting FB from my pc.
Verynice
Best
Wari
Like it so much

Best to connect to friends
Nice application but not working well inspite of continuous updates
Bullshit
Nice
Such a good side
Lost friends are all here
Nice
I dont like this. Ever since I updated it my phone ia soooo slow!!! It freezes all the time. not worth the update :(
Arvind likes this apps due to joining with feverets
Great
Love to be on face book
Good
Guddu
Facebook
I can't download it to my 0+
Plz make dark theme for night use, then i will give 5 ¡î
Love it
Facebook is so ric flair fo real
....
I like it
Hate it
Starting to mess up again can't post,can't put a full comment. Starting to suck
Good
This is the bane of family life so much time wasted on it that u miss what's happening around u and without u
The pop up that appears after sharing a post, saying who else liked it and other details is really really annoying.. Please remove it.. Reduce the size please..
Loved
I even if i forced stopped the app just after a few seconds it resumes in running which i hated most because it consumes a lot of space in RAM and battery. Uninstall...
My
I can't downloade Facebook
Felix Deva
I'm giving you one star because you're forcing me to use a crap messaging app I don't like I don't want leave it the way it is leave it built in.
A
This stuff is dam fuckin cool
Facebook is pathetic and useless. No connection can be made on my phone, in the USA, i had no problem, but guys... your carriers sucks in south africa! Whatsapp is the new facebook! You are deleted

Hmmm seems its cool
Good
Virtually unusable.
Version
Gooooood
As in its very useful to me...
Fgfy
It don't let me write nothing or see it in my table galaxy tab 3 10.1
Good
No matter what I do, the app keeps closing after less than 30 seconds on my tablet.  Guess it's not meant to be.
It is amazing to share photos chating and for many other features.
its 2 good
Just install
Nokoj
Taking a lot of space with every update and let me assure u that the updates keep coming up pretty fast but I m unable to find the difference in usage... Uninstalled...
I have not updated in quite some time but by the looks of the comments I don't think I will.
Great
Good
Like
I like frndship I love frnds I like this app
Suzi gebra
Cool
Keeps taking forever for it to load when opening the app. Seriously 5 - 10 minutes. All videos are laggy, app freezes, news feed needs to keep buffering and jumps to different stories, and... It takes up too much space... I have perfect internet BTW and its only this app
Excellent source of media to keep in touch with near and deer ones
Good
Facebook
Out of the blue I'm no longer able to play any videos on my Facebook, I've reported it so many times they no longer respond. It truly sux
Very heavy app.....better to open Facebook in web browser.....app doesn't show all features :@
Love it !
W
Last time I had a bunch of problems. I'd if it was just my phone which I have upgraded but I'm liking it now
Nice application
GOOD
it helps me a lot.specialy when im bored.
A waste of time.It Shows 23mb but takes 217mb from phone
:)
Updates are not good bcz it will not allow me to send messages all time it shows download messanger.... :( solve it very fast......admin
Nice nice
i like it......
Hate it
Good
It's ok
Does not work properly on my LG G Tablet. I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling because it will not refresh saying there is no signal when I have both wifi and 4G service.
Hiiii
Harish
If i open my facebook account it says one moment and then it never responds
Most of the tym it freezes, too many updates, it doesnt always refresh yr feed ...ahh
Sie
Worst Facebook's app ever... It just keeps on loading and never works properly... Very much disgusted wth ths app... Haven't logged into Facebook since a week and today it again disappoints... Please improve
Some reason now even after deleting trash and memory used in phone. This app just doesnt load up pictures on friends post. Either on wifi or 4g lte spring, sucks pretty baf.
Wtf Happend To My Notifications??? Since I Updated My Phone To Kikat 4.4.4 I Don't Recieve Em..... Only On The App!! Please Fix...
Too many updates to much slow....
always can't logout!!
individuals Baucis biscuzcvufc vaccines bid isxvcdgvvnbgb ineffability gjfjbivixivr fidiffibiibicuyucfu gidigiividiigidgidigiciv dogfighting
I'm now getting some stupid pop up when I share things. It's annoying.
Very nic app i like it
Raja
Yeeeeess
nice
Love it
Awesome for all oin one
Much better than
Pls fix it
It's weird n it sometime doesn't recognise us n even hangs sometime
My Sony experia e1 updated automatically and now cant install Facebook...incompatible update... Fix it please.. A.S.A.P!!
Khatri awesome wow wonderful mafia gunda faltu sarfiri
V .parma kanthi
Like so much this app
A bullshit app
Love it
Goddamn crashes all the time '-_-
Randomly resets newsfeed back to top. If you have been away from Failbook more than 20 minutes, you don't get to see those posts. Well, unless you don't try to set it to "most recent" and you let Flaccidbook just show you the same 15 items all day. This is a junk product. Don't waste your time. Also Fecesbook sells your info to spammers. I now get several emails sent to the nickname I have set on Fartbook.
Like
Facebook
Qoutes messages picture
I like this app coz when I use I fell better than using other apps
Eesy to share my feelings
now my posts dont load and irs slower since the last update it take forever to post and or recieve notifications and nothing is loading. Its not even loading the news feed or anything
It's very well.
Samira Mohammed
Rima shil @ 84 .com
Nice game
Good
Nexus 5
History
Great
5 years on from my last review and I'm still crashing daily!  1billion downloads and still unable to build a stable app...baaaad!
Ravi
Please Update this..
I haven't been able to log in to my page for 2 days and it kicks me out every time I post something. Please fix it before I give it a higher rating
Barkati
Always freezing and keep saying facebook not responding....try to fix it plzzzzzz....
King&leng18
Select and copy text option must b added then the app is perfect
Good
Very well
Its suck!why the old version much better then this?took alot of space  fix it pls!its seems you blind thousands peoples compaining about this new version
But its working very slow
And crashes constantly
Constantly freezing and shutting itself down. Needs to be fixed.
Some times is it become unworkable and i want downlord once more the app
This app takes a half memory and updates
New update sucks!!! Force closes all the time....
5 stars 4 that
Oh
So popular
Looooowed itttttt, !!!!
What rubbish
Everytime i used it always not responding..pls fixed it..
Wow
Naikkan gred lgi
Easy handaling fb
I see the feed filters, I choose "most recent" and all I get is still "most popular". I see too much ads, too much "recommendations". Occasionally all my app settings and Messenger settings have reset themselves to default and FB logs off, so when I open the app and it requests login I know it has reset itself to default. I really hate that. Loads slowly, sometimes it does not connect despite good Internet connection. Takes too much space. The app sucks a lot. Not hearing the user's opinion sucks even more.
KHALSA
Nice BT take to tym
Facebook
but cannot save Video
All I need now is to find my friends that are on Facebook now .
Indra
I'm using SONY C3. I'm not able to view images from some posts. Please look into this problem.
I love it .....................................
Family is Facebook-Facebook is family
Whenever there's new feed it automatically goes up form the start that i cant even read the later or yesterdays post..

Fun for all
Love it
As the title says, minus embedded videos. After the update I couldn't watch anything.
Good
Friend
Ok
After my tablet updated to Android 4.4.2 FB continually crashes whenever I want to comment, watch a video or look at someone's profile.  Please fix.....              in addition to this (3weeks later) problems are still not fixed. You would think that fb would have an IT dept that would be able to fix it's issues which are obviously affecting a lot of users. Perhaps this is just another example of how fb is inaccessible and refuses to listen to its users.
Facebook
This app s taking too much space.. Otherwise its ok..
Its ok
Crashes my phone at every opportunity too many permissions for any application and no I will not install your messenger app thats even worse people do need privacy you know
Deleted and reloaded twice on galaxy tab.  Still crashes every time.  Just shuts down.  I'm not impressed with the now separate messenger.  Nothing was wrong before.
Simran
Ok
The app is constantly freezing and force quitting.
D
Why when I go to share something it doesn't give me the option to post on a friend's page?? It only gives me the option to share on my page and before this latest update I could.
This app is great but it could look better and show the other half of my timeline picture
Good
Nice and easy
N
Not bad not good
Im very impresed
App keeps on crashing! Latest update is the worst! Cant use the app when I updated it. Please fix it!
Plz fix this problem fb app use too much space I can't update
Will not let me install to my phone
So fast
Why Mark has'nt make the Lite version? It will be very great.!
Facebook is the best app
I can't watch videos.  For some reason the audio keeps going but the video freezes.  Tried updating and no luck.  It's been like this for months.  I can't watch videos on YouTube or the net fine.  Only having issues with the app.
It is awesome, i love it....only one HUGE problem.....too much space!! Thats why only 3 stars
Since last update keeps closing and is totally unreliable and unuseable!
Salem
Jangan paksa olang
Loading problem
Seems to take more an more space period. Its to the point where i dont have space for anything else. Complete BS. Might have to just delete FB
V fine
Super buggy, and annoying. It's like using windows.
Doesn't notify me when I get a comment but notify me for other stuff
Facebook is a way to conway the message to your friends and family members and show the original and currunt look
It keep saying error wtf
I don't like the app. It kicks me off every time I try to get on it.
Constantly updates but doesnt improve the app. Terrible
I love it
I have to Uninstall this app. It really makes me mad, stressed everytime I'm using it. Too much space needed.. too much time to load. everything in this app is too much!
Takes up to much space, closes without warning had to many issues.....
I really like this app but the problem is its so heavy...
God is Good Amen
Best app
Use only enjoyment
Samsung  kore 2
I decided to rate it now that the one issue that was bugging me was fixed, we can finally reply to comments :D
Cool , I live it
I don't like being forced into something I don't want. Please also allow me to say recent news as the default.
i need some space in my phone
Takes too much space in low end devices
Very nice
lik it
Very nice app
Worst
Nice
Good
Singh
Open
Everytime while I'm scrolling or trying to share, comment, ect it just closes the app while I'm still using it pretty annoying.
Every update seems to get worse. This one tells me everyone is available now and all notifications are 'just now' notifications pop up late whenever they can be bothered to come through. Crashes when trying to view things, news feed is messed up.. really annoying and frustrating.
Conecting friends for ever
Recent update was so disgusting. My phone became so slow after that update of facebook. The facebook it self is not launching why? Why?
This would be the worst version made, will not update unless you exit and restart.
Very great app
Fantastic app from d wrd go...... Luv it...
COOL
Now the news feed keeps repeating itself about every 20 posts gn3
When I logon to fb it logins but when I click on the post to see the post the app automatically closes please fix this problem
Since the last update, the app no longer launches new browser tabs when following an external link. This may be a problem with chrome itself, but I have not tested it with other browsers to confirm. Instead of opening a new tab in chrome with the link, it merely switches to chrome and whatever tab I had open last.
Good
ParaemaShrawankumar Nepali
I am using facebook
Hmmmm grt aap!
Is my friend.
Nice
Love it
As soon as I log out, it won't open again. I have to uninstall and install again. It's tiring.
Meh.
Guddu
I love this apps
Keep up ;-)
I likely
Tres
It is only suitable for those who dont neglect studies.......
Its work not properly and just hang.
Very good i like this
Nice app
Bullshit piece of crap facebook. Won't let me use the messenger at all want to force their stupid privacy stealing messenger app. Saying that we are moving them. Bullshit there is nothing wrong with the old system.
I want the messenger within facebook i dont want install that messenger differently
Vanitybook
This app at lug out froblem
Wish u would make the option for galaxy note 3 to select people they don't want to see their status updates under the privacy settings like the iPhone 5 option has.
Excellent performance
U can easily upload a pic u just took few seconds ago to ur timeline by checking ur status update That's wen u sync ur phone with d app. Nice one
Nice kick
Can use it faster than ever !
Special124
It is not working
Does not work on my tablet Samsung.
Good
It always force closes nd always run slow
Its awesome
It sometimes stops working and puts a lot of workload on processor. I don't want it to hand again n again.
Good
Love this application coz i can my friends and communication with them;)
This was good it works and It has no buggs
Pretty annoying to scroll way down your timeline only to have it randomly refresh so you lose your place. Oh, and why can't you copy text from a timeline post?? LG G3
Vandan
Jdi!!!
very nice
My favourite app
B M F. ent.
Update made it so annoying to open
Its working slower and when i log in it take 15 min to log
Very good

Never works right when connected to wifi and now wont load at all unless I use mobile data.
Every time I open FB it lags then stops working. I get the force close msg, nice upgrade. Frustrating. Time to uninstall.
When I open it the app loads so long and closes automatically. It wasn't good.
Keep updating everytime and nothing's new
I really wish I could give it zero stars or even a negative score. AWFUL, complete and utter crap.  Once again, new version, same old problems. The notifications icon still causes repeated crashes and every third launch, just for kicks, the app crashes immediately on start. And don't forget the oldie but goodie bug that causes the app to crash when you scroll past a certain point in the feed. This is consistently the WORST functioning app on my phone.
Doesn't want to work
Grrrrrr
Good
Bindas
Constantly closing down.
Does yust thst spys on me via my phone and stores unececary updates and stuff 280 mb for what For spying
Beautiful
Like it works well
Its not perfect but its pretty cool!
I have nothing bad to say.   It works fine and as a matter of fact i even like the messenger program.
Please do a form from top like to least
Nice
55555
Rahul
Awesome amazing funny and best
Play video ort ban te
Outstanding social app. Highly addictive.
Hav got a problem when opening my account saying that my acc have been disable why ?
I don't install messenger, I choose Not now option& can still read msgs.   Please show most recent activity 1st so when I comment on a post it's not 3days old b4 I realize it!  FB is super intrusive & eats up lots of data! I get perverse emails via my fb contact info I set as private! So Wtf? Why can only certain pics be posted but entire phones photo  gallery can b synced? scary!!  I'm sure we all have "private"pics we don't want 2share w our FB friends list!!! I worry I'll accidentally sync..
Very nice
Unnecessary auto updates
Facebook
Fix this!!
excellent
It's ok
Ok
Awesome app can't beat fb
Nice
How U.....?
I like it this app
I reinstalled this app yesterday after not using it for a few months. I just got a text from some a#&hole wanting to sell me designer sunglasses at 90% off. Coincidence? I think not, thanks for selling my personal info Facebook. I'm uninstalling asap.
My nexus 7 2013 was forced close anytime.
It's good but please make more fast..
Crashes constantly.
i like it
Pretty
I've been looking for an app that would exploit my privacy to the government whilst letting me invade others. This is perfect!
Wandarful
Amitkumaryadav
Good.
It's a good social media
Since the update I can't access my emails. I keep getting pop ups to sync my contacts "ok" or "not now" I click not now then get a pop up confirming my # I click yes or ok then the same pop ups cycle repeatedly & it's ridiculous.  Please fix it, thank you.
Chat
Good for making friends...
Marine
it's good l'll liked it
Very bugy and unstable app, crashes in between anything.
Ok
Awesm
Sm
Videos doesn't have sound now . You guys are really messing this app. up . SUCKS!
Nice
pogi
It is very good App.                                And I love it
so loading then after a few minutes 'FACEBOOK IS NOT RESPONDING'..pls fix the capability of this application..
Its going crazy
Ha  haa haaa
Wont down load
Nice
but need to have more facilities  on it
bom
Loved it
just updated this apps..evry time i open this apps it always goes out(off by its own) pls do something about it.wish i dint updated this apps. :-(                                                                                                                                                      .                                                                               every updates has,its own problem..b4 t goes off on his own..now slow loading..please...please do something.. fix it now.tnx
Kamble
Yuppssss
When i updated it ,it started to go crazy!...everytime i want to log in it would go "home" directly ...its so annoying,updating it was a waste of memory in my tab also a waste of space.
Live life kingsize
MD.AFZAL
Terribly unreliable.  Click on notifications and then on newsfeed and the app closes.  Needless to say - I use Google Chrome and bring up Facebook that way.
Apps and games
Meenaben chaudhari
This is hella beast u get to txt ur friends
Takes up too much excessive space! Old one was better -_-
Not loading...
This is the bigest community of social media i lv it....
Like all Apps, too many updates, too much space. App closes every once and awhile on you. App still runs in the background after exit.
App
Raj
great
It was one of awesome app.........
very slow
Very good
It keeps from crashing since the last update. :3
Keeps getting worse with every update! Can't go 2mins without it closing
Hi
I love fb
Gr8 app
Cool
This app sucks, its always slooooowww, never downloads the updated things from friends. Absolutely a horrible app.
Good working
I hear no sound/notifications on the app I already tried everything.
Love Facebook
Harus cepat Mt
cool
It would be so much  better if I could move the app to the external sd card. It takes up too much space. Otherwise, the app is fine. Just the size is an issue.
Its awsm
Chunsokben
I still cannot use facebook, it keeps switching off all the time
It freeze every tim i scroll down
Nice
Its frozen...I don't know what to do now...this seems to be the only Facebook app....if this wasn't the only one then I would leave this one behind
ABSOLUTELY AWESOME !!!
Bs marji a thodi
I removed everything that has to do with facebook from my phone. The last update installed all my friends from facebook and synced them to my cell phone...WTF? I dont need them on my phone taking up hella space and draining my battery all the time!! Whats up with Facebook ang King games these last few months?? Candy Crush wont even connect to facebook anymore. Did the "SOCIAL GIANT" get hacked?
i love it
Nice
Beautiful
Too much information
Why are there 2 separate apps? Merge them! I am forced to install both. 
Because when i go to my inbox n try to send message ask for download the messenger app....but i think facebook don't deserve two app
I endjoy this apps  i like it
Please speed up this app. This app using too much space. Thank you.
Force closes on my Galaxy tablet 3. Deleted and reinstalled and still does it.
Bad app like always. Wonder when it will be worth 3 stars. Picture upload is broken. Scrolling is slow or stops if recommended pages appear in stream. It's also a pretty stupid app it cannot even remind me in a visible easy way of friend's birthdays.
I kind like it
Terbaik....
New creation
Why my account is error if i log in and network home page is not Loading
Good app
More update more space you get on INTERNAL MEMORY and RAM that cause slow the phone..would you pls..stop adding space coz nothing change..thank you..!
Good
after the update it slows down so much that it takes ages to load the newsfeed.
Javahri lal bamniya
Its so awesome
Its way too slow, too big, and kinda useless.... That what i think.
Getting more stable
It
Happy with it
Awesome!!!
Facebook is the best thing ever for keeping in touch with your friends and family :)
good
Very nice and we need to update it to continue to use the best of it
Latest version shuts down constantly.  Older version didn't do that.
i love fb
It takes my 1min to load a photo
thanks
i dont like the new fb layout. No pictures showing up on links. So confusing to use!
Very nice application...........
It
The app on my Samsung Tablet keeps on crashing.  Twice now I deleted and installed and the same still happens. Hope third time lucky works!
Think the desktop version is still much nicer to view and navigate, have had many glitches with this version, but nothing is perfect. Nor should it be expected to be. It does do its job by keeping all entertained. Usually without fail. And this is just my, possible  overly critical, opinion.
It's all right by me
Well ...owesome download now ....*_*
Hoy mark suckyourbird, Wag ka nga pakialamero sa Roleplay accounts namin. Inaano ka ba? pang spazz lang namin yun tapos isesecurity check at i-disable mo. Gago ka ba?! tt(-_-)
I love facebook but i HATE tht i cant even open tht app anymore AT ALL will give 5 stars as soon as yall make it ro where i can actually use it like when i first downloaded it
Garbage.... Keep on freezing the phone..
wow! great app for android jelly bean :)
Happy
I can't read msg from this app to force me to download the msn which is heavy and take time to open !!! :@
hey .. do u know what is missing ? i think fix the message settings .. the other, archive, and spam messages are missing ..
Having problems getting my password. To get back on Facebook.
Loved it
cepat,.%"##?-
So much space
I think it needs a new update like a new theme
Jn
24/7
tentenenets
It shuts down to much and goes out to often.
Its awesome and thrilling. Thanks for keeping us in touch!
Very nice
Facebook
I love it
sana meron na lang ito
Really amazing
Embarassment
This app is good but the code should be open sourced on github so that community can also add their own features.
Faster app
With new update it will automatically take you to refresh news feed even if you are just looking at a gif or reading a post.....
What the heck did you do to the scaling? Ruined it.

Takes forever to load, then crashes as soon as I try to do anything (like scrolling, checking notifications, updating my status, you know, all the things you do on fb...). Super lame. I wonder if myspace has an app... Lol.
Its annoying every time that i open it, its just in a white screen or there's a big Facebook, and underneath it it says Just a mmonent. I've been waiting for 30 mins already
Map
Why this app cannot installed to my device, when i try to installed, its always installing and cannot be finished,,
facebook is good for socialising
Redundant
bad  app :-it hangs in my galaxy pocket duos .Please fix the problem
Increase spaces more than this
Its very nice
U
This is what for
Good social network
It is very annoying that the newsfeed automatically just jumps to the top every couple minutes without me doing anything
This app crashes more than a blind drunk driver
Hmm nt bd
This app works one day.. Then it just doesn't wanna open  and work at all for some reason.... Annoying
So gooooidddd....
I like facebook
Process is slow nd heavy memory consumotion
Nice app.......it is very Good.!!!
Jai ho DND JI KI
Please contact my favourite return my Facebook
In the last few days, it's almost impossible to use it. It freezes, and after a few seconds I get the option to close the app. And when I reopen it, after some seconds it does it again.
Good
It sucks, the one I'm running is just fine. Why fix something that isn't broken.
I've even uninstalled the updates and reinstalled, but it won't load after I get to the page. Like none of the feeds reload, none of the notifications, absolutely nothing is working on it now and its happened ever since the new update. What the Heck is going on? Please fix this!
It makes no sense to have to download another app! It sucks. That is all
Too many updates, not enough fixes. Usually always crashing or either just sits there.
Just wooowwww
Kachhap
loved it
facebook
Highest at its best
Good app but bad .it is caused for unwanted battery consumption.
eats space....
Force closing on LG G2 please fix
Its a wonderful medium to connect people
M¨¢ndrakal
USUABLE BY PARENTS
You guys even see our reviews? If yes pls do reply back. It's logging out daily and setting up Facebook daily. What's wrong with u developers?
Keeps crashing on my galaxy s5 active
suapan berita patas dan menarik.
Good
Y
Nothing
Its okay other than it shuts down   alot
I love Facebook
Nice
Facebook is a good social media account that links people and family around the world.
Rajbabu
The app keeps closing
very intressting
Love it
nigga

An update to "improve reliability" that doesn't work.
Awesome! xx
Love it
Can't download. :(
Coment
great
Nice
This app is a pice of crap i open it and it closes by it's self every time i open it closes i hate it!!!!!!!! I can never use this app
Everytime I go to the facebook app it works for 5 seconds and then crashs on me i reinstalled it but nothing and i cant do nothing. This need to be fix because most of my friends with the same tablet as I, it happens to them so face book fix this fast
Love it
It is true............
I good
Not good everytime I update some applications always insufficient space ahhhh
Emborey
Never fully updates.... listen to your users!
Great way socialize.
Downloading error
Please fix this! It always says that FACEBOOK NOT RESPONDING!! And when you try to click that app its very loggy!! Fix this please, make another update to fix all bugs. Please!!
Never lie to someone who   loves you.
I love this app...it give trouble at..times but its fun it keeps me up too date
This app was superb
I'm over Facebook
I just like Facebook
Why does Facebook keep closing out on my tablet? Didn't have this issue until the latest update. Is really annoying!
Its good But plz chang ur speed be fast
Not good apps always news feed prbulam
Hey developer, your app is a nice app when its simple and easy to use, now cant open the apps since your last update, does not stop loading " just a moment" it takes me 15mins. And still nothing happened
Lovely but it's huge
Love the app, but forcing us to download messenger. Takes up too much space, that phone become so slow.
Wow
Honestly this app sucks major...how can you import facebook contacts to my phone without my knowledge..that is an invasion of my privacy which mind you I hold dearly..goodbye facebook #uninstall
It's a big application.
Nice app
Hashtag !!
Lately, this app always force close. More than 10 times a day. It hangs, and then force close. Please fix this problem.
Its good app
Good
Yes
so good it works very good and is very awesome
Rajumishra
Complicated muckup
Keeos fuckin crashing and leading me back to google store!! Fix it
It acts crazy all the time this app something serious.
I love it
lovely
After updating facebook activity log is not showing the coments on videos and I couldn't download videos by facebook downloader..kindly fix it
Simple da best
Aramai tii
yehey
Good social app
Nice app
It works!
Memory and Ram Usage Should Be Reduced..
Nice
so i love it
Superb
It's ok
Ill be about halfway down on a days feed and POOF, reloads to the top. Its annoying. I know how to scroll...
Using a samsung tab 3 and it keeps crashing whenever I click something.
To Keep in Touch!
I want to set "most recent" as my news feed's default, but the new update won't let me....
I feel happy with this app
l am using fb everyday.without fb the day was not end.
Everytime i pull up the app it loads everything i start to scroll its exits off over and over only app that does this and ive deleated and redownloaded twice
HUHAHUUU
The phone app should be streamlined, not filled with stupid Sh$$
Great app
after the new update, the app just shows initial photos and videos statuses.. after that it just shows loading symbol for photos amd videos but never loads.. kindly fix this soon..
Annemarie flossie
Ok
This update sucks keeps crashing on galaxy 3 tab
Good
Good to go.
Good
Can we get the option to change the theme to dark.... It's 2014, let's get a theme color button!
Best app
A bit laggy.....!
P1000 galaxy
Wow its awasom
More versatile and connective!
Getting used to it..
Good working
It doesn't logout the way l expected. I log out more than ten time..the but it doesn't.
This app is cool
You can't believe what  hight  you can soure  unless  you  spread  your  wings .......
Gteattesults
Its hot
Its works the simple fact that its easy and quicker to get in facebook instead of using a browser. But this app relaunches it self even if i force close it. Its quite annoying and battery drains accurately while app is runing. And also causes lack on devices and hot temperature because of it.please fix this.
Magazine.  I
Good app..
Facebook
Has become a complete memory drain on my phone, and I can't move it to my SD card.
A kumar
Love it I can talk to my boyfriend 
Love it
Good
Okay"
Ok
Let us hope Facebook updates automatically and actually gets better.
Cool
Facebook is my top app for draining battery, ram usage ,and data usage, open a facebook link and switch to browser wtf, oh and one more the messenger not included on this app
Good
Beautiful
Day by day facebook app improving very finely.  Using lots of internal memory & sometimes hanging on the low end processer cell phones. But still its fine.
hi
Keeps closing down on tablet as soon as you try to scroll or read messages. Only started happening since last update.
My news feed doesn't refresh anymore and it's irritating me. This new update sucks
Very nice software to useful for me
Too slow to connect to network.
Suddenly stopped working on wifi, those last two update were horrible
consumES huge amount of RAM and space.
It's a very good application
App updated and now it won't notify me of notifications
Won't let me turn off notifications for anything since latest update.
5star
Cute
This new version sucks. Please bring back the older version if you want to have 5 stars from us.
Good idea
It's amazing no problems
Great
Nice.,  add exit button
Sherri
After uninstalling and reinstalling fb and messenger, it still won't let me send messages but I can receive them. Grrrr!!!!
I love it. This application enables me to chat with my friends. Just, awesome.
Thanks for letting me in..I'm always messing up my passwords because I have problems with my memory. ..I hope that this is it..it's certainly more convenient to be able to use the phone as well. .thanks..
Buchan
I recently updated the newest version and all it does is force close! It needs to be fixed! This app USED to work great! WHEN WILL THIS BE FIXED?!?!?!?! I AM ABOUT TO UNINSTALL AND USE THE BROWSER!
No matter what I do it throws me off, every link I press Facebook kicks me out! Absolutely rubbish!
The App Is Too Large, And When It Automatically Plays A Video My Phone Lags. Fix For 5 Stars
Its so better than singing in all the time
Good
Not sure why I cannot post comments. Yet another glitch.
Why the freak do you keep making it more and more difficult to view most recent things on the news feed?! Even with customization the whole setup sucks. Take a fricking star.
Best
The last two updates Facebook will not open its very slow will not show my likes I'm my friends comments or when I leave a comment it won't save it these last two updates on Facebook have made it really bad to be able to use please fix
I have had this app for about 4 hours, it took 45 minutes to download, then every time I tried to use it, it would not load. Uninstalling.
Used like done
Uno staro
Problems with ap on galaxy tab3
Turn up
Bad!!!! New update force close every time fix that quickly
The,($
huh
Good
Keeps me informed
Ok
love it
Amazing app. Love it !!
No privacy  very easy for anyone  to get all of your information  off your phone/ computer/tablet  or what ever you use
Nice app
Lovely the same time and effort you have any questions about your business and the other side most likely to have been a while
The best
I did not try
Before i rated it 3 stars but it sucks...after the last update, this app open so slowly, telling us "setting up facebook" then followed by "just a moment" the two prompts takes a lot of time...common guys fixed it please...
Download Kick
Needs a "block this game" button. So sick of game requests. I have to log onto a Web browser on a computer in order to block them. It's tedious and annoying.
Its not loading any images at all
Site

Always crashes!
Saleemshazada
Too many updates.  Old things lingers.  Should be able to erase old application
Not trusting fb any more. Slow,  bulky and change things too often.  Fb no longer important.
Good
Good
Coz' Facebook didn't cooperate in my cellphone
Nice then sweet
Hey guys,the app is good. But the only thing is size. It is big sized app,so it's consume more data pack while update. Can we solution on this?
There were times that i could'nt connect.   Always loading then lost connection..  and it is hassle because  of its  snail performance.
Eats up too much space. Especially every updates.
This app doesn't show any of my friends posts, keeps advertising crappie christian pages at me, and now it just zooms up to the top when I'm in the middle of reading something. It also puts annoying cap all over the screen every single time I share anything. I am Uninstaller it immediately
good's
One of the best i ever come acros
Good
Spatan
This is a good App
Thankssss
Need to work on some glitches it force closes alot
This app made other process in my phone crash like hell until i clear this app's data to avoid more process crashing
I love this app...it give trouble at..times but its fun it keeps me up too date
Bich
App works slow on Samsung galaxy s4 . Lot of crashes and pages / pictures not loading properly. Otherwise, works ok.
lol
Keeps kicking me out after about 10 seconds!  FACEBOOK NEEDS TO FIX PROBLEM.  Used to work fine till about a month ago.  I'm not the only one either!
too much apdate...
Very nice apps... Its very useful for me.. Can login from anywhere and I can use this to share my mind voice to others...
Great
Yasaaalaam
Still Need more improvments this app is better on iphone we want the same for us
I've problem to log in or log out.. Please solve this bugs..tq
Nice
Since the update for Android, I can't view any pictures on any posts of any kind.
Nice
Every action exits the app. Notifications = Exit. Search = Exit. Check Friends = Exit. After the update I can't even use the app.
Cadiedelwest
Ok
Budget developers can manage to get a link to open correctly in my browser (outside their app) yet over multiple versions Facebook still can't figure this out!
After update am I the only one who can't set the news feed what I want to see. I mean most recent or top stories. Like I use to. A bit annoying me. Please help me or Fix it. (HTC one m8)
Nepal25
Fine ladybugs I am
Wrks fine for me
Improve your speed. Slowly opening.
It keeps closing out on me.
Its usefull.
#'s won't load laggy and takes a long time to load
Forces close every single time I open it.
Zahra
I can't see the pictures and video that it won't show ??
Facebook
Update is naff...keeps shutting down
Is so easy
Fif
Its really helpful
Nice work
Updated and now when I scroll it freezes up every other time I want to scroll. ANNOYING!!!!
Still horrible.
Keeps exiting off the page...
No complamentd
Amazing
To much going on..to many changes
Worst thing to have on my phone. Takes up all my memory, my phone now, constantly lags. I have all my facebook friends synced to my phone book. Stop forcing things upon everyone. What a waste!!
Verrygood for me
I love Facebook it is so cool
When I press the app short cut, the app has a constant flashing.  I have to Uninstaller until further notice
Hi all far....
You get a 1 star penalty for forcing on a separate messenger app.
Good
Nice app...best for 3G and 4G connections....:-)
Talk about big brother. Does anybody read the privileges it requires. FB needs to chill out.
To many updates.. My stories won't load
Fb messenger acting weird..nt able to send ny of my buddies ny msgs.please fix it..
Cool
This app is awesome
Sucks!
Good app
Facebook
Too many updates taking up space no need for them
I hate it!
The new update keeps crashing the app, it freezes mid scroll or when you do a search then it just closes, fix now please!
It was great until last update, now it won't open on my Nexus 7 or my S3!!!! Fix it ASAP!
Don't want Facebook contacts in my phone contacts and no one should be able to call me from Facebook unless I gave them my number.
I love it
i love it
Yass
It seems it always updating. Take up more memories on my phone.
Please fix so that app closes when i back out of it (as it once did). It now stays open and have to close it in task mgr or log all the way off of it
Can't download facebook
It's alright
Love it
Nice
hooray
Good
Excellent
Have been having trouble with this app.....it constantly cuts out while I try to view additional comments, pictures or videos.
The best app ever
have a lot of trouble opening the app on my phone
Keeps closing
Love it
I can finally stay in touch with my best friend
The only problem that I've had was my phone itself and having to factory reset 4x's in all not once having trouble with Facebook making my life much better including this last time to install Facebook on now my new Galaxy S4. Thanks FB.
Just problem when ... choice picture from specific folder.
With every update, it seems that the app gets larger in-size, and slower.  I've been using a 3rd-party app lately that's MUCH better.  BTW. STOP NAGGING ME ABOUT MESSENGER!  I tried it, and hated it.  We shouldn't have to have two clunky apps for one service.
I don't know what is wrong but I keep getting "Error with loading" message with a funny looking cloud face. It worked fine on my note 2 but having a terrible time with my note 3. What's going on? Please fix it
M.p.h.
Can find members and friend
Nice app
Terrible update. Now not able to upload photo anymore. Fix it please.
New shares based on friend's shares is annoying.
Bad befor app i like it
Communicating find long lost friends
Good
It's time Facebook sacked the incompetent turds working on their useless Android app.
Im sick and tired of my app always saying its having problems. I cant even look at anything without my app kicking me out. If this keeps up i will be done with Facebook.
Ok
Very nice app.
Ok
Please add the important event status option. There are too many updates and you never implement this one!
Live love laugh
Turning notifications on and off isn't working properly
Acting weird fix it please, then i will give 5 stars. Keep cutting off
Galaxy tab 3, fb is fully updated.
Poor
Runs about 2 mins and crashes on my Galaxy Tab 3. Also sync-ed all FB contacts to my phone without asking.....ridiculous!
Latest update stays active in the background after I exit. It hasn't done that before.
all a can say it is cool
The app briefly gave me the 'Reply' option next to comments in the Facebook app a few days ago. I was ecstatic. Now they're gone again. Is it really that difficult to put a feature like that into the app? Without it, your app is effectively useless for posting in threads. I might as well go to the mobile browser page.
Great way to keep up with family and friends! Now i don't miss any drama! =)
Feed back
so good
Keeps crashing every second. Very frustrating.  Plz fix immediately!!!!
Keep updating and it take so many space when updated but nothing improvement at all . Huh =..=
Super slow and its really dumb that you HAVE to download messenger I don't want that taking up room on my phone 1st app I've ever rated that's how dumb it is thank you that is all
I like it but always updating.
Karvol Mitogeng.
Its fantastic using fb
Too much space
It won't even let me log in anymore. It stays on the setting Facebook screen.
Fb on Chrome loads my homepage faster than the app!
I love it even more
In the last few months and updates, facebook continues to turn itself off and return to my homescreen on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. This never used to happen but recently and including after the auto updates and also hard rebooting and starting my tablet from scratch, it continues to happen. Why?
What's not to like?
I'm not a big fan of all the changes that continue to ajar against what we really want. Like I want to see most recent in my news feed, I don't want to see the same things over and over. Don't want to always see the same people just cause I like some of their stuff. Please make it so we can see most recent. Maybe there is other social sites or I'll just unlike every thing so I only see friends.
Not Nearly As Good As Twitter
Mucho espasio inesesarii
Love this app help me keep in touch with my family and long list friends and relatives.
I like Facebook a lot but I don't like the fact that I feel like Facebook company is looking all over through my privacy brings chills up my spine.
Can't live without it
Keeps crashing when I click on a notification on droid mini
Good
Eversince the upgrade to kitkat FB keeps closing off when I click on a link , I can't read my news feed , I can't click on comments it crashes , its been like it for nearly 4 weeks , I have uninstalled & installed facebook a few times but still the same , hope you can fix this , very frustrating !! So I'm only giving 1 star . Please fix it .
Fogr
Facebook takes over your phone instagram is way better it dosent have who dislike your photo or videos more than 30 sec but every pic you take always makes a new folder so if you dont want the pic on there just delete same for instagram
Hermelinda,80
I can talk to my aunt who lives far away
Two stars just because there's no way to edit posts with the app, although it's possible with the web version for android.
I have this app on more than one device. And for most it works just fine, but it force closes repeatedly on my galaxy tab 3. Will not run long enough to use the app at all.. hope this gets resolved soon
Muy Mala no puedo ver bien las publicaciones y cada vez que me meto a ver una foto se cierra automaticamente
Everytime I click on a notification it tells me "Session Expired please sign in again" please fix!
Nice you get to make nice friends and lots of other stuff
Greatest
Facebook is so asome
Constant updates, too much memory space being taken up, it force closes almost ever 5mins., force closes when i post anything, force closes when i sneeze.... id rather use my comp or just not use fb at all
When I used to click on a page to look at it would take you right back to your page but its getting better
Nice
News feed is just full of rubbish I don't care about...
Eversince the upgrade to kitkat FB keeps closing off when I click on a link , hope you can fix this , very frustrating !!
I love fb
Why does viewing my pictures turn my tablet to portrait view?????
Gopi Mishra
It's alright
Keeps closing on its own. Used to work just fine. Tab 3
I have never seen an app so buggy. I can't open up pages, photos, or even COMMENTS! All it does is crash, so unless this is a crash tester, I suggest fixing the app.
Hate this app on samsung andriod...  everytime i just look i get thrown back to my home screen.  CRAP!!
Why even have FB updates if they never fix any issues? Honestly, I don't see any changes at all. Every time I am browsing the news feed and click on anything that takes me away from the news feed, I press back and end up on the top where I have to start all over again, or a notification I already opened. Let me tell you this, it's so annoying and time consuming, I rarely use the app anymore. And just like my last set of issues that took months to fix, I just have to advise, use the web browser/mobile site.
It's getting better
To many updates and takes up to much space!
Love this app
Love!!
Every time I'm happy with how it works they change (and break) it!
Tricia
Literally every time I open the app it will work for about forty five seconds and just crash. Please fix this because it's quite frustrating considering there aren't many Facebook interface apps available for me to choose from.
I hate how you have to go to messenger to read or send a message. I get mad about that. Other then that its fine. Sometimes it freezes.
This app is always trying to get me to download the stupid messenger app.
Freezes and portions of my timeline have disappeared!
None of the pics will show on fb since the last update.... Fix this mess asap
Love it
Larek Arbas
Oce
No matter how I adjust the settings it tries to start randomly and doesn't respond, slowing down my system. Ready to get rid of it.
It is OK but as everyone complains it should'nt be mandatory to download messenger it takes up so to much space. As does the weekly updates , every update just takes up more space my fb takes up over 100mb whenever I don't clear data
Fjahj
Cool
It takes more and more space. -_-
For new downloader get this app its amazibg xx
Fail
I Like This
Super
!!!!!
Fun to talk with friends
Ilovefb
Its always nicegood excellent  app
facebook
Love
I love fb it keeps me in touch with alot of family an friends that i would not other wise be in touch with ! Thank s
I rated it 5 stars.
There is seriously no need for this many updates and invasion of privacy. If we all deleted this app, some change would actually get brought. Because it's obvious Facebook creators do not care about nor see any complaints.
Could you please give us an option to block game request. Its annoying.
thanks
Finally the reply function is there, thank you but the app runs slow at times and it's kinda annoying when I'm trying to see the pictures or videos.
Love
Coooollllll
With the latest update my Galaxy S4 doesn't load any pictures or movies... Also not after pressing reload... Plz fix this...
Bbn
Fabolous
The news feed is never recent post, I'm just getting posts from the last couple of days and that's it. It's terrible, changes need to be made
Won't save my 'likes' and I can't change my news feed to Top Stories. This app is terrible.
Its a good way to communicate with ur friends and family that is around u
After an update this app refuses work on my tablet! ! Very annoying! !!
The worst update ever! Lots of problems with loading site - after reinstalling it's not working at all! Do something with increasing of data of this application! My phone is totally full of this crap!!!
hey... sometimes I can't log out!!! when i want to log in... it didn't log out... fix it... it is not the first time...
When I'm uploading photos it's annoying when I have to scroll until I find the pictures I want. I rather be able to choose the album I want the pictures from. Please do this. This is the only app I use that I can't pick which album I want my pictures from
I loveeee ittt 
Good
My Facebook has stopped working
App is awful
Im scrolling threw my feed and im a good ways down then it auto updates and goes to top of feed messes me up change it i loose my place every time it sucks fat balls
Like it
Why you force me to use messenger???!!
Thanks
It's slow, has too many updates, always get super old news on my feed....even when I choose " most recent"
The best
They make the browser format garbage so you get the app that requires camera and mic accuse so they can SPY ON YOU INVADE YOUR PRIVACY!  I hate your underhanded deceitful tactics to SPY on me! !!!!!
Getting to be more of a pain than its even worth. Great at first but with each " UPDATE" taking up way too much space or just freezing up my whole phone.
Gotta have messenger to msg. Yeah no.
Rat tot
Very good
the old adage, if it ain't broke don't fix it should become your motto.  The last updated killed it for me.  I cannot use much now without it closing down.  I've now deleted.
Doesn't even work. Incompatible update?!
Its a good app
10/22/14: Finally updated on Galaxy 8.9, and see why this app is detestable. Defaults to Top Stories from 8 MONTHS AGO. No editing comments, no messaging, no page management. Yuch!  ..................  Update 9/23/14: Simply didn't bother to install this on new Galaxy Tab S on 4.4.2.   Just access website using Puffin (Flash enabled) browser, and works OK. Can read messages, and no bothersome notifications! ....................   Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My year-old version (5.0.0.26.31) "works." However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, and now you can't read/write messages unless you install yet ANOTHER (totally unstable) app.  If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, & useful features are added/restored. Or use the web version.
FINALLY comment replying. You get one more star for that.       I need "most recent stories" option back. Seriously. I don't like finding out that it's "National (something) Day" the day after it was. Another huge problem is that I'll be in the middle of reading something from the feed and it will jump back to the top. IF I WANT TO GO TO NEW STORIES, I WILL PRESS THE NEW STORIES OR THE NEWS FEED BUTTON.
Like
Bam
I don't know what happened in the recent update but FB is burning up my battery. And it takes up too much space even when i'm not logged in.
new updated verson hangs my mobile nd slow down speed even that it doesnt work properly
J
Good
A Google used
Crashes within five mins every time I use it
Now im able to talk to my friends
Why in every week always there update n update again_???? Too much space on my device
loved it guys
Just wondering if I have to check my privacy settings after every update. Just found that my previously PRIVATE settings had changed to PUBLIC. Not happy.
Bagus
nice
I had bad reception on my phone but I got a new phone and fb works great!! :-)
Best .....app i like it..
Social giant
Thanksss FB..
Returning to Facebook after two seconds in another app should not cause the entire news feed to refresh, especially if I've been scrolling down through it for a while. It's like using an app with short term memory loss.
Its facebuggs... Why we need install massenger?? ..its worst.. Sometime this app force close... Plez fix or we will fix this app???..
Keep kicking me off two weeks now, please fix
Ok
Effectiveness is
Nice
It needs a lot bug fixes, but other than that it is perfect.
Excellent
If you think Facebook wants these special permissions in order to spy on you and take pictures of you and send them to your contacts then you are some special kind of stupid. Any app that uses anything on your phone has to have permission to use it. If you choose to take and upload pics with the FB app then it needs permission to use your camera. Messenger can be used as your default texting solution and you can also use it to make calls. Because of this it requires permission to access your contacts.
I try to login to somthing but it wont let me freakin do IT!!!!!>:(
More intrusion! Can't read my messenges unless I download messenger. With the utmost intrusion demanded om my phone aka my life. Keep this up and for me facebook is history! You should be very ashamed. You dont need to access everything on my phone. Can't open likes & comments. I want the old version back. And don't be so intrusive! Why is it not possible to have a different language. I want my likes.. can't stand vind ik leuk ... Can't play video's anymore .. please fix it
Because of the updates it's taking a lot of space .
Tagging: deleting one word from a two word name doesn't work on an android keyboard. Pressing any key leads to the second name appearing again. Hangs frequently when phone isn't connected to network.
Personally I love Facebook but with this new phone not allowing me to move apps to my sd card Facebook takes up a lot of space especially with all the updates. Fix that easy 5
This app takes up way too much space!! I don't understand why it takes that much space to update it....
Facebook
Facebook is great and an easy way to keep up with family and friends.
Quick
If u dont know how to run this on android pls ask Google developers. They may help you... Better you stop unworthy useless updates till u find a proper solution for Facebook apps misbehavior
Awesome. Much faster I must say. Thumbs up yo
Keeps foreclosing
Dhunya insaan ko lachar kardetihai
Mice
Freezes up a bit tho
Ok
Facebook
Noticeably faster UI speed, however the app takes upwards of 10 minutes to start up. Please get this fixed asap.
Excellently fantastic
No one beat Facebook ever.Facebook is forever.
Mr.
It keeps asking me to download the msg app.. No thank you.. But it keeps asking me.. Like seriously.. I don't want or need the stupid app.. It's real Fishy how they won't take no for a answer.. No means No
Please Fix And Will Give 5 Stats
Dont give me any of my notifications,like the concept so far and how the application looks but hate that it keeps frezzing all the time and force closing
Really i dont like this new look just for one reason i can't copy status or information .. And its take moooore espace of memory !!! And when i log out it still active offf
After last update, the application start to crash constantly. Also collect over 140 MB data on my phone. Cleaning the data help for 2 hours, in which i didn't use the application. Solution is to uninstall it.
Web application is better
Randomly closes down when I click on some things. If I go direct to my profile then Pictures then a specific pic sometimes it will crash. Seems to be full of bugs - sort it out!
The app keeps crashing and force close itself!
Its really better from than previous version.
Old photographs.
We just want it to be fast and simple, and without additional icons that is really stupid! I don't want my android to turn in facebokAndro..I think that you should read most if the comments and yuo will see that users in android are unsatisfied very much and angry to on this app! Customers are always in the first place, or not in your case??? Uninstall until major fix!
The new update annoys me.. I can't log in and it always end up crashing.. Plz fix this
This app crashes after I scroll down about a page's worth of posts. Facebook is starting to get really lame.
Its good
Why is this app taking up so much space?
Not bad
Social app
The new update doesn't fix any reliability issues, it's more advertising. I've spent more time than I care to admit trying to turn it off. It just shows who else of your friends "likes" the content you're trying to share and gives a pop up window.
Love it
The app does not work on my phone since friday please fix it!
Very good
Facebook needs updates. Has really bad service and glitches
Cool
Zzz
Add Chromecast for the videos and pictures or allow us to open videos and pictures in another app
Stuck on spin cycle and no longer loads, even though no recent updates. Cleared cache, restarted phone, etc, already. Works acceptably in web browser for now.
Facebook has gotten way too intrenched into our lives and personal buisness. Maybe billions of people are too stupid to care, but I'm not going to support an app that demands to know every detail of our lives.. furthermore, social media is a waste of time. Make real friends, log off and live
I love this app
Mazharbhutta
Mjnh muong tao njk facebook oy lam sao
Bad app
Not even good on high-end devices.
Like to get on it taking friends andcfamily
So the app is a great app. Been using it since I was 13. But the new update won't let me post videos. Everytime I try it tells me that they're ALL too abusive to be posted.
Mfbookcom
Needs to have folder selection instead of camera roll. Crashes when you go through a lot of photos.
Dont get it this app sucks
Good
Multiple photo uploads always fail. Very annoying...
Finally
moe  moe
Too slow
Facebook has kicked me of my account why did you do it Facebook!!!!!!!!!
bagina
Cheap Facebook.. I m nt able to read messages.. Just cz I m nt using your messenger...  Come on personal choice.. I don't wanna use it. Y u evn have to do so..  You already got billion customer on line.. Can't believe gaint require cheap promotion
I
Needs more features
FB  not working right since last update. Constantly force closes on my Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1
It works vety slow. Although it works good at iphone. But on android. It sucks.
Nyc app
FB this version (V.19.0.0.28.14) loading very slow on Huawei ascend y511 (android 4.2.2)
It's bad enough that you want people to install a separate app that basicly takes over you phone if they want to use messanger. I flat out REFUSE to keep an app that uses 10 TIMES the space the info says it should use in the description. What are you installing?! You want to control people's cell phones that much, come out with your own smartphone. STOP TRYING TO STEAL OURS!!!
Thumhaarii bhen ki saalo facebook waalo
When I seach my friends list .result show in shape of an error
i have downloaded facebook many times in all new smart phones and when i tried to select or copy the status text  there is no smart or special function enable for facebook so please fix it and release the newest version in which , we can select and copy the status .  if you have any solution for this please let me know  ??
Now using Asus Zenfone 5.. the latest update was no good.. the apps keep on force close and turn off notifications is not working... it come to an extend i have to unfollow and unlike a page group... but noooooo.. its still there..!!!
Go
**update - now I can't do anything.  Keeps crashing**  Since the update I can't use the search.  Every time I search,  the app kicks me off.   I will update my rating when this is fixed.
It's not letting me "like" anything. It will turn blue then back grey. FIX its annoying as hell it's been like 5 days now.
Good form of Communications
Very nice
Cool
Thembi.maphalala
Give us the "most recent"  option at the top of the page and it will be perfect. Really annoying without it.
It will more better when there is a option to disable the fb calling feature because sometime it's create problem for us. I will give 5 star when the calling feature disable options is given for the user.
FB
Very good to connect with old friends
I made a facebok friend from couplemaker(dating app),,
Why dis fb app forced us to download messenger along with it...it shud be like previous version only to see msgs without messenger
Goood
When installed it makes my phone unusably slow even if I don't run the app.
Takes up too much space
N...
Plz, make it sd card moveable..
It takes time to install in my Generic Andriod and other phones but it is a lot cool and amazing...
love it i live on it
Finally got
I just loved this app
I love this app
Wonderful
nice app
Hi
Omg this update is super slow!!! please fixed.. Thank you.
K
I've never had this problem with Facebook for Android, but ever since the most recent update, it crashes constantly.
Its worke very smart
The previous version was far better than that.Cannot log out or in.very very bab app.simply time west
Is very bad
Janji Happy
I ove facebook
Faster browser
Very very amusing.
Photos won't load. The app is massive. I tried reinstalling it, hopefully it will work better now.
prmudah kn lg fb

Me
Stop
Not working  taking too long to load n too much storage on phone
Foarte bun rau
Saya suka
I LOVE ME,DON'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE THINK OF ME,GOD LOVE IS ALL I NEED IN MY LIFE..
After exiting I have to enter "manage apps, running" and stop every instance of Facebook because I'm running out of Ram. Please, I expect all none essential apps to clear their memory space.
Crash when loading additional comments, photo fails to rotate as instructed during upload
It keeps crashed after 5 mins
Its nice & cool to use & get social updates but only downfall is having to download the messenger app for messages.
J
Recently everytime i use facebook on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 it suddenly closes. It gets very annoying. I dont know if its a bug or not but i hope it can be fixed soon.
Fine
Its just good
Awesome
I likr this app
Love its
To slow.
I m lovin it
Juz luv it
I love facebook
Facebook is nice and easy to do..hope there are sme mre feature about it
Keeps me in contact with childhood friends and distant relatives:) it has its little glitches here and there but doesnt stop me from using it:)
Since last update app keeps acting up. Also, why is it now impossible to share a photo without first having to sync it in the timeline? This won't do! I refuse to sync all my photos with Facebook, despite their being supposedly kept private. If this goes on I'll leave Facebook.
Its a good social app
Facebook can basically hack your entire phone just cuz we download the app. Be aware
When I'm typing fb getting close wtf is this .. please fix this before I rate it 5 star . It call it a trash!!!. :/
Its good
hasan
Must have
¦¤¦Å¦Í ¦Ö¦Ñ¦Å¦É¦Á¦Æ¦Ï¦Ì¦Á¦É ¦Ô¦Ð¦Ï¦Ë¦Ï¦Ã¦Ç¦Ò¦Ó¦Ç ¦Ã¦É¦Á ¦Í¦Á ¦Ì¦Ð¦Á¦É¦Í¦Ø ¦Ò¦Ó¦Ï Facebook.
The app contsantly shuts out I can't even stay on for a minute it just closes, soooooo anoying
It's very good app
I can connect with friends in different states and it is very quick I,recommend this app
Keep the updates comin. (;
N
Fun
Annoys me that now when i press back it doesnt fully exit the app and i have to further close it down on my active applications! Didnt do this before! I also dont get number updates on the icon anymore to tell me theres something new like a comment or a like on my wall. This never happened before. Update for samsung android usera is rubbish!!!
Okey
f Hi ke korcho???
Megustaj
Good
Pravin Vishwasrao
great one
Berigat sblm kna
thanks to facebook, connecting people far away get closer, closer get away ....
Takes up too much space and slows the phone down. Have to keep closing and re-opening it for it to work again. Please fix.
Made in india
This app sucks
Why does it need to know my location, be able to read my sms and look at my mobile photos??
It flows
I love tslking to friemds and family xx
trying to facebooking
Ps osim
Focebook Good
Sahejpreet.singh@hotmail.fr
Thanks
the old messaging system was better, the new one freezes my phone. Also this app closes after 2 mins.
Samsung galaxy s3
I am steel not gate it but steel keeping asking me to rate it
Very nice
Great app

Please fix
The app opens, then crashes one first command. Even happining frequently on my iphone, but worse on my android devices. Still not working for Galaxy Tab 3. Ive emailed two updates ago, but doesnt seem to matter.
Requires a separate app for messenger's
If I was to be honest, I do find the occasional bug in the app, due to unknown errors (Could be because of my Custom ROM), but this app isn't so bad, the reason why it takes up a lot of room is due to cache, it likes to store peoples' pictures and statuses in the cache to stop the need of constantly reloading them (Saves time I guess), of you want to free SOME space (I save like 30Mb a time), go to "Settings" > "Apps" > "Facebook" > "Clear Cache", this will free some memory 
Awesome got my old friends liked its privacy especially but as I am a software test engineer a bug is their
Good
Good
This thing needs more stars than twitter but this facebook has 1 BILLION and twitter has 100 MILLION WTF?!
If the app would stay open i could use it. Every time i press a icon it shuts down. Removed app and reinstalled and is still shutting down
The app crashes as soon as i touch my tablets screen. Which doesnt make sense seeing as how it works fine on my crap galaxy discover phone which is way underpowered.
The app doesn't appear to be working from my Tab 4. On my phone it is fine, but not on the tablet! Even my profile picture is wrong on the tablets
Fix it.
Gud
Crashes all the time, impossible to use!
On my Droid, it uses 13-18% of the battery even when I have not opened the app. Add that they made the "most recent" hard to find and use, plus the battery intensive forced messenger, I'm uninstalling from my phone.
I used to love the easy access to FB from the app, but it forces close everytime I try to click someone's profile, comment, share or post. I may as well delete the app since I can't use it anyway and just log in from the web page. So disappointed. .........
Good
Ammazing....
Awesome!!!
This is only one app
Hes now passed on but it was amazing that he had his Facebook so all his loved ones could still have pictures and good memories of his life.
good app
Its flop
After I sign in, it keeps asking me for my password... Like come on FB
I have noticed that on "some" post you can actually reply to someone's comment! That is awesome! Wished that feature worked for everything! It has like and comment is beside it and it shows up directly under their comment!
It is faster than any other browser. I tried Google Chrome, UC Browser, Opera Mini and much more but found this messenger the fastest. I use micromax bolt a 089. The only problem in it that it takes too much time to be installed.  Perhaps it will take less time in 3g (I use 2g connection).
Always updating stealin my storage
I
New Updated Facebook SUCKS..!!!
It was a pleasure using it
The app used to close upon hitting the back button, but now it just stays open all the time no matter what I do, wasting battery and system resources. I have to end the app manually. In addition, the app no longer pushes notifications at all, when it used to push them instantly. What's going on??? This app was great a week ago. It's useless to me now. I've just been using the mobile web version, and it's fine.
Nice but not the best..coz it jst keep on hanging dont know y ?????
This is worthless to me without messaging, and the messenger app is bloated overkill. This also eats more data than any other program by a huge margin, including my feedly list with about 3000 articles a day.
Tru
Nice app need some minor changes such as offline modes
Slow like never still not possible to re-use ancient pictures and no improvement compare to the windows phone version,a big shame.
Always hang in the background
This app update is great.  Like it.
Meilleur
Wonderful
.....

Innovative
Despite more space eater... It is not loading images in the Wall
It's good for connect with world.
The new update sucks!!! I want the old version back!!!! How do I uninstall the new update! FRUSTRATED!!! Facebook is starting to get annoying with how slow it loads....slowly getting over Facebook
Good app
It uninstalls itself , strange. However, it is an awesome app.
After upgrading to kitkat this app is not able to installed says "Incompatible update".
Will not open links
Good for everyone..
Hmmm worked fine til I took my profile pic. And your app is the only one the camera works on now. I get black screens on everything else. Worthless devs.
This is the worst app that I've ever used which forces the user to use other app, though the user in no requirement. ......
facebook
Love it
It's good
Had the app installed on my phone for over 8 months, 4 days ago it starts crashing as soon as I open the app. I uninstalled then reinstalled only to forget & have to reset my password. Then you make me wait 24 hours before I can log in AFTER confirming my identity. Why have me confirm my identity only to still make me wait 24 hours? Isn't that the purpose of confirming my identity?
Pogi
good
Amazing
It keeps setting up
It would be best when video clips and voice messege features added without dead messenger aplication.
Kawser al
Ok!
Mossanpk
No good allways distrib facebook when i was try to log out that time not soport dose not work app.
Nice
Best
Awesome!
Very good app
My old account was hacked when I maked a new one it was really different I don't like the new update.
Good
.in the world. Pagal world illa pilla
I like Facebook
The problem is that when I'm written the comments suddenly keyboard goes down that is the big problem for me
Uninstalled; background services constantly restarting and grabbing 40+MB of memory kept killing whatever I was actually trying to run (music player, software updater, web browser, games, etc.)
time pass
Great!
Its a great social app to connect with friends and family. Downfall is I constantly need to shut my phone off or it will keep running.
The more updates only make the app slower on my phone. Keeps shutting down by itself for no reason
Takes up too much space
I like this
It doesnt work !
Its every time not responding please tell me how to improve it
Takes up way to much space
Vary biotifull face book
Doesn't work like it should. It keeps loading and nothing happens!!! Hate it!!!!
Hi
Nothing more special in updated version..
Face bookmark
great apps
Facebook
Hi
when i tap facebook app... i took too much time to log in... it keeps on saying "Setting up facebook" loading loading... loading later on it says "just a moment" loading loading loading... i cant even log in!
Must have app for Android devices
My device said, insufficient space. I checked my apps, and found this app using a whopping 150+ MB of storage! The app itself is just 30 MB odd. A much better alternative is to browse using your browser, the experience hardly changes, and you get a leaner storage footprint.
Nice
Love
I Love you
(Y)
tell me if this down load is working or not.if not waiting . mobile.
New update will open my browser when I click on a link, but that's it. It opens up to the last page I was on, rather than the new site.
It's really improved and great version of fb browser
If I make comment on any post it keep on notifying me who else commented....
Gooooood
What have you done? Its worse than ever.
How do I search for a person in a group?
RaruBoro
This version is totaly chutiya pa friends check this this version always active and consume too muchh power before version when u go back from news feed it automatically off and work in background but this on is always onn
Nice app but little slow process
To much info ... enough already
Newsfeed is horrible and you cannot permanently select most recent. Loads of links now won't work. I still struggle to tag anyone in a post sometimes! This app has gone massively backwards!! Just change it back, it's awful!! Now the app freezes and the only way to use the app again is to restart my phone. Everything else carries on working ok, it's just this crappy app that fails nearly every time I use it. The latest updates have made no difference to this either!
Takes up too much time , energy,&space.you make a mistake,someone is on your butt!
Tak wto ela
What's going on with my cover photo.... It never shows, when you click view photo though it's there. Very strange!
Super
since the last update I'm scrolling through the news feed, and for some reason it automatically jumps back to the beginning, it's freaking annoying, especially after having scrolled down so much, ugh!
Best Networking option
slow motion app, hangs
Once I turn on notifications on a status update, it can't be turned off.
I love it.....
it helps a lot
A lot actually
Gunal mapa
It was always among the top listed among my battery usage. Such a batyery drain even with sync turned off. Not worth it IMO
I dnt wana see top stories amd ita set by default...
Latest update has problems showing pictures in news feed, also the mess has problems with pictures...
The newest update, allowing inline replies to comments, is rather nice.
Fine
I kno it's been around 4 awhile, & I'm o.k. w/every 1 knowin I'm a dinosaur. If I don't like what it does or how it performs I'll un-install it & be on down the road. We still have the rite 2 do that- besides, there was life b4 fb.
why do you need all the permissions that you ask fir? SMS Camera and microphone, gps, etc... i remember when you just needed an email address....
Love it
Very cool app so far so good no problem with the Facebook App so far RATE @ A 5 Star App
Nice
Can be found y clicking the little 3 lunes to the right to open the menu up. Scroll to the bottom and you'll see most recent. Simple guys.
Won't work!!
Push notifications no longer save.
Reliability and speed???? Hahahaa... The first day I updated, I got locked put of my facebook for three days until they verified a government issued id. Had to do it cause my parents are overseas and that's what I backup pictures with. Why do we need security questions if y'all are just gonna go way more personal.this is facebook, not area 51. Plus it's way slower with the update.
AS
G
Its amazing :) and i see a lot of my friends
Singkat, cepat, dan efektif
Facebook
I love it
Noorgul
Constant freeze and closing
Good
When opening the facebook app, i will scroll for about a minute or two and then the facebook app crashes and says it will no longer operate. Please fix this glitch.
Crashed while updating pics in Xperia SP..... No feeds change button plus messenger heads doesn't close even after exit from app..... Uninstalled update.....
Very good
Love it but too many updates
Busines
Really enjoyed the rich and smooth experience.
Sana.meer
It's awesome.  My favorite app.
Still keeps closing unexpectedly. please publish update!
coolest app for smart phones
No comment
Nice update
Junnar.pune
Please fix auto update in news feed.    I'm bored, angry, super angry. Auto update every 2 minutes. 
Ohhh laalay
Missing posts
Good
Oooooooookkkk
More laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag
Every update It keepstaking more of my memory n it sux cos I always gta delete something like other apps not liking that and if I dnt update it then it star fu#*ing up
Invite people in facebook
Verynice and so vali kutch and appi
Nice
love
Freezes a lot but my smartphone is dumb lol so who knows. Cool though.
Good
Its awesome
Yo
I had to uninstall the app because it wasn't working properly.  Now after downloading again it won't even open! What is wrong with this thing!?
Kenapa semua gambar di dalam facebook kabur,semenjak facebook ni di upgrade gambar makin lama makin tak terang,saya harap ada perubahan pada facebook ini.
Fb top
Great pix baby
Excellent
... to choose whether or not to sync contacts!!! I am connected with quite a few people I don't want or need their info in my contacts on my phone. As it stands now, my address book is a cluttered mess, thanks to auto contact syncing. There's more time I'll have to spend that i really don't have to spare cleaning it up. Thanks a lot, FB.
Super
When are we getting a tablet app? Having to turn my tablet on it's side is ridiculous, don't tell us it's hard to develop for different android devices, loads of other developers manage to do it and it's not like Facebook is short of the funds now is it?
Awsome
Cant go wrong with face book
Nice little app when you cannot get on your pc
this app is awesome
Very super
Private
I can play or chat with my frends on the facebook.this app not borink
Can't open another app when facebook installed. Need to force close facebook 1st. Very bad update. DO NOT Update Facebook!!! Ever!!!!
Hi plz fix it has been two days too slow...not working good...thx
excellent
Many pictures doesn't load.
Sharma kumar
Worst update
wath porblam fb
This Facebook app is really cool.
Not so gd....very slow...highly updates required. ..
Much better than last 1
Slow, large file, laggy and buggy
K
It's okay
Since last update, every time I try to get on it tells me error. Awesome, but I guess it's par for the course for fb.
The amount of descriptive this store is that no other can be
Please lessen the memory space, it took all of my free space here in my cellphone. Can you fix this? Thank you
Keeps crashing! Freezes on one page then keeps reopening Facebook when I  close it.  Killing the app and restarting my phone do not help. Total rubbish!
It's blocking my phone all the time! !!! And I need to force restart
Exellent job
Facebook web is great but the app is obnoxious! Feeding me asinine push notifications if my friends aren't active enough, updating constantly, cumbersome and limited. Come on guys...
Extodinary
It takes way too much space for a FB app
T

it is very good pages.
Haven't had any negative issues with this app.
Good
Keeps on crashing...
Gd
Twitter is better
Thanks
I like this
Ok best
Really Love it
Sucks u made facebook nice.but now it's slow n loss connection also.n wants too much memory space.plz u give us update nice but don't want a memory space.
97874597
Invasion of privacy.  Wtf
Good
I Love Pakistan  Mob.0598152786
Best of the best.
Wow. Updates are Coming with new and Simple ui. Even in each new Version new features are adding by Facebook. Only one feature is left i.e Whenever any person replies me than I have to find and see all comments. Instead of that, please give feature of Replied comment.
Not able to reinstall it on my android phone
SHY
This app is not allowing me to see conversations because I have not installed Facebook Messenger App. How can you force someone to install an app ? I will install or uninstall. You can not force me to install your app. Only 1 star from me.
I love it
the update made my app crash.. tried reinstalling still the same
Unable to copy text from Android mobile application
Runs too slow and takes too much space on device memory of about 80mb unnecessarily even when offline.
Does not refresh news feed.  Only updates notifications.  It shows newsfeed only when it wants to.
Huuuuh
Very bad app chat runs with messangerr
The communication of the human in this era and at the end of the unives is one and only facebook
Its so usefull
Thanks
This Facebook Tooooo Much Space.. I Dont Like It... It Almost 100 Mb On My Device And Now I Have 1Mb Left Space And All My Apps Is Alway Force Close I Cant Open It...Please Fix This Problem Because I Dont Have Space Now....FIX  .Thx
I Can't Opened :'( Please HelP Me ::(
nw virson
Nice app
I am sure
I miss being able to access my fb messages while on mobile fb, but will not be bullied. Please assure us you are not going to spy on us, in writing, because the messenger app stands out as wildly intrusive
It gets stuck and doesn't logout properly . Tried to restart the app but keeps going offline and doesn't logout again. Pls fix this
Nice
it take much time ti download page
Its very good.. but it takes a lot of time in downloading
Not enough Info a bit boring!
Marvelously impressive but too much space needed and more updates everyday.
I love fb
Awsome of all....
Tidak mahu kongsi akaun
Ghofarafandi
I swear I dislike Facebook more and more every update. They took away good things like birthday reminders and sorting posts by date and gave crap like suggested pages that have no relevance to me and only showing posts they think I want to see. Boo!
Awesome
Its not that good to use
The app's making me sign in every time I open it since the last few days!!
Lagging alot after the new update.. :(
Changed my rating once started using it in Gingerbread SGS i9000.
takes too long to open. keeps on prompting "setting up Facebook". then exits.
Jokes
As an effective social link
Gwapo
Best
Wanderful
Ggfdhs
Ijaz azeemi
Nyc app
Nice
I love this apps
Keeps crashing on my tablet :(
Still laggy after update
its excellent
Awsom
Good
Great
It gets hung after the update.pls remediate
This app was once very good, and as far as functionality goes, it's top notch. But this has been my number one data and power hog on my device. Facebook should not be using more data than my Hulu and Xfinity applications combined. It's unfortunate that third party application support has effectively been ended, because I enjoyed using "FAST", an alternative to the Facebook Mobile application. Either fix the performance issues, or put power back in to the hands of third party developers. Thank you.
Its fun it dont keep me bored
F
My Facebook
Does this every time whenever I run the app and it's seriously lagging my phone.  Whoever came up with the latest update is a brilliant idiot.  Fix it or else I'm dumping this crap app.
NguMabhayi ke lo
Love it
Don't get updates to 2or3 days later then once a week I get peoples updates from the week before
This is terrible to sign in
Sangat bagus dan berguna.
Ai apps Ta satti khub bhalo atar sahaja amar onak ta obosar samay kata jai
Update still sucks
Harvinder singh
Cool
Very god
Used good
This is home
awesome
It easy to use :)
AawwweeeSome
81707283
Sucks
Best
Its only Facebook that glitches on my LG G2. It started about 3 Weeks ago. It flashes white on & off. When I leave Facebook my phone doesn't continue to flash. It doesn't matter how long I leave for when I return it still flashes. It only stops when I uninstall and reinstall.
Takes a lot of memory tooo slow and errror loading videos and photos after the last 2 updates
When you click on a link that takes you off-site, browser opens and most times the link does not load. Broken. HTC M8,chrome, 4.4.3 droid
For all aske
Ak hanya isan biasa
Super
call free
Awesome app Facebook book staff keep coming with the upgrades maybe one day you'll get it right
Meheret
I love its current outlook.
like it love it
Superb
Slow............,
This
I can't login also..it's stopped at 'just a moment'
Working great after last updated for me on Nexus 4.
I really like it.
Peace world
Great
Ligit
Good
NoBodY LikE Me...!!!
Raaj
Error loading app.
I m using samsung tab"10.  When watching fb video always jump up to the homepage. My model cant suooprt it. Pls settle it or upgrade it. Tqvm
Cool App
Have to manually force close it every time as it uses lots of ram and cpu. Bring back auto close option
NORCIS PUTRA ENDE labuan malaysia
Like
i dont think so. its very hard to log out from this apps.its take a time. same to open the profile, picture or whatever.. still loading and loading and loading.. what the prove for improvent and stability? .
Its weird..
I really really loved it.                                  Muaaahhhhh
Nice yr
Good service.
Keep getting booted out when reading extended posts
Need to have an unfollow option.
People tired of installing messenger and facebook is becoming hard to download pls better bring back the true facebook ..
Good
Office
Noor .khan
Good
It good
I would have given it a 5 any time. Lately though it won't load my timeline or pictures and tells me my tablet isn't connected to the internet when I either have full service or I'm connected to wifi. Just uninstalled and then reinstalled it. Hope it works now.
Like it
It keeps shutting down
In this version when we visit someone's Facebook profile it stops after 20 sec please fix it. I have Samsung galaxy tab 3. If you will fix it 2 days then I will give you five star and if you will not fix it in 2 days I will give you 1 star and delete this app
I love having my friends and other info at my fingertips!  App tends to slow things down but overall great app!
Cool app :) woww 1 billion downloads :O pretty impresive
....k
Luv it
What's the go with the " dont sync phone contacts and friends" option?? Im clicking on dont sync 3 or more times a day because every time I go to send a message or make a call.... all my facebook friend's are in my call contacts. Drives me nuts!
(Y)

It more capebale and faster for open
Uninstalling.  Randomly closes.  Can't read comments on posts and can't look at friend's pages without the app closing.  Samsung Galaxy tab.
Perfect
Good to chat with friends
Great..!
Nice appppp
Good n very good..
++++++
Galaxy S5 .. Fix it!!!!!
Lucky if more than half the photos  load or if half of my comments post. What the f facebook?
Great
x
Very Good!........
Good app
With each new update the Facebook app crashes and freezes more and more. Can't be my phone as other apps work fine.
Too often update...to much personal data that fb once too gather...
and i love it
Excellent
975
Eddie.Rice   Jr.  3.
It's insane. Every week the app eats more space than every other app I have on my phone. Does your app need that much maintenance??? Or is it so imperfect or incomplete that it needs regular updates??? From a measely 16MB, your app consumes 50MB then now 117MB! I've cleared the data but every time I log back in it's the same annoying cycle all over again. I'd have half a mind to just delete this app!
So lovely
pan
Tooo bad plz fix it
Very good
Good
This app is ok but again because of all the constant updates it's just too big
It cool
Its realy good
I like It
Finally ! We can reply to comments !!!  Still waiting for more improvements
Gud
Super
I like the 2012's version of Facebook because it is not lag ....the newest version is very lag ...your new update was so verry lag than before .... Pls when you update the app make sure it is not lag ..... My GPU is Mali-400 it is verrrry smooth in running large apps but Facebook is only lag in my phone WHY?
it is the best app for conversation
so nice .
Nice app
Qumar $$$$///
Citywide
It has so much connectivity issues and consumes hell lotta space
Its very amazing app to connect every one
Upla olgeta kaikai samting blo husait u laikim
As much as i like this app but too much updates takes too much memory space. Please make it less memory use or make it installable at sd card

Just love it
K
Good
(Y)
Love facebook
Tailor
Hussein
From
Ma super
Too many updates that don't appear to fix anything. App is slow and the screen locks up every time I use FB. POS app!
Loved it
Nice
App started repeatedly crashing on my Galaxy S4. What gives?
Nice
Taking more space
Pucha
I really love it
Nice
Love it! A keeper
baik
Hay
Its a very kool app and this company is very large in size and money
Nice
It Logs! Hang! Like that!
Thanks for adding the replays in the app it's now perfect thanks very much
My go to app at all times
just for funn
Awesome
The app is stock on my phone. But the updates take up all my memory and i have to updated or i cant use an app that is STOCK on my phone. So whats up with all the updates that dont change anything.
Nice app
Nic
Fast i like it
Tu
Mashadi
Mast
Every time this app have an update the app makes more lagging than ever i want the old fb app
I hate this app ever! It doesn't work! It needs update and update but doesn't work.
I love it
Jd
It is showing 2 days back or 3 hours back feeds it's not refreshing
Wen ever i try to type the area for typing hides behind my stock key board....??
Its getting old
Gud app ti stay touch wit my fronds
Nice App
Awosome!
freeze when turn landscape. unable to retrieve photo. force close often.
I have installed nd re-installed several times if my problem solves but all in vain.  The main problem is with signing in when I sign in it says error occurred and notifies me. Then the problem arises it continuously hangs my phone and start to blink with white background. After waiting a long time only it opens. No other apps irritates me as this app do. Its serious nd resolve this problem asap. Hope you will listen to this. Thank you. :)
Fun
I love u
It always crashes when i open it, and when it opens, it becomes slow and laggy. Please fix this.
Loved it
No words to tell about it
Me and them
Keeps losing internet, so everything freezes up or just turns off
Try and look at facebook and it just closes have un installed and reinstall but no different so over it
Best
Uninstalling. Too heavy for my phone
It is the nice  way to make friends
Ever since the new update, my Facebook doesn't wanna load anymore. It only loads up a few things but not the whole Facebook experience. I know its not my connection, its perfectly fine, its the app itself that won't make it load. PLEASE FIX!!
You can finally reply to comments.
I love my family peoples so I am happy lifetime enjoyed
Its so many updates my memory is full t*ng *n*
Good
Its so weird my phone log log so i can update this app and i will chat my love ones :) :)
Good
Good
Android doesn't need extra apps eating it.
Is OK.
The app crashes when I try to upload a picture or when I check my messages. This just started today it would seem. Haven't used the app in a week or so. On a Samsung Galaxy S3. The app is okay to check status updates and make text updates but crashes otherwise.
Excellent
Lets try this without my dad knowing*!*
Excellent
Hi
Forced closed I hate that..
i love yoy
the facebook result of install is not nice.
Magazine.  I
This is gud place to chat
Like it
It's very good app for entertainment
Sema
Iko poa kiaina,  tatizo uovu mwingi

VEDANT
Like it
This app is taking up too much memory on my phone. I just reinstalled it a couple days ago and it's already at 170mb. That's ridiculous. I don't even check it that much for it to use this much memory.
It's very easy to use....bt..it's takes more data
Great....
Slow process....
SD card
Good
Consumes too much internal memory.
Good
Great
Facebook
It'll automatically go back up to the starting point when I've scrolled down.. Irritated to scroll back down to where I stopped.. Please fix it.
Loved it
Everytime i log in ask me to update ur Facebook now i can't use after i updated
My request for reply comments is happening. Heres the 5 stars.
nice facebook...love it really
Fachhhhhhh
Images don't load, sluggish. Only thing works fast is logout !
Thank u for give us such lovely app
very poor app not connected easily
Awesome
Good
VERY SIMPLE IN USAGE
Why does the app jump to the top (or new stories) randomly? I can never get very far down without this happening. It been going on for way to long.
Online
The new update just seemed to stop it from loading anything; news feed, peoples' pages. Not v good.
for the love of god
Some time it does not respond..
Good
For connect to social networking n gossiping vth frnd ;)

Crashes on samsung 3 tab
It was good but now the worst social networking hangs quite often
Ok...
Really....I'm enjoying wid it a lot....
Love
I wish there were better privacy settings. Long have people ask for the ability to not notify everyone when you change profile or cover pic, or that when you made new friends or like certain post,  not all of your friends get the notification. There are times people don't want to advertise everything they do on Facebook.
Facebook is like a spy takes away every info. Of what you browse.
Updates  keepin it slow from time to time. Before the load is fast but after updates it turns to slow performance please fixed it .
I would open the app scroll down and it crashes...Uninstalled it now everytime i try to reinstall it the download stops at 93%....this app sucks
Goodes
This is a totali entertenment
Great good information
Can be more animated
My phone
Balajicharya
Add top comments in pictures and videos just like on the pc version
awsome
hi wov
Recently: Slow to open. Shows blank black screen. Error message: Facebook not responding. Becoming unusable,
So slow. But very nice:)
Good one
It a good app but sometimes it slow nd takes time to open
No
Good
Good
Ipone5
It is the one of the great apps.
Every day thang
Facebook connect business network
Ok
Asp
Superb
111111
Beautiful
Its meeting all friends
Its easy to use and very nice
devsharan
good
Good
I like
Thanks Facebook
It would be better if the app takes less memory
A lot of crushes and never load pictures or videos
Hai
Because very slow work 2g Internet
Laos
Nicee
Still having trouble viewing videos. I keep getting "sorry something went wrong. this video is unable to play". Will rate 5* once fixed
Good
Bugs regarding photo loading still exists... If there are 5-7 photos in a row loading of all the pics doesn't happen..
It takes up a lot of space of internal storage and couldn't be moved to phone memory
I like it. It's great especially the new features but I do have one request when I get on through the Internet it has an option to see the translation to it say from Japanese to English. But the app does not provide this option can you include in the app?
Rubbish. Not working at all. Fed up with it.somebody needs to fix it.
Too much adds an too much updates
H
Too much update and It uses too much space so it's down every 2 seconds and..... finally work for some minutes and down again.
Becos of can chat with other people
Nyc
Nice really love it
It is nice
Loved it
10-21-2014
Benefial apps
Frustrating!  Crashes within 5 seconds of opening.  Can't look at anything, scroll news feed, open pictures,  look or reply to notifications.  Please fix this problem!
How long is it gonna take to fix this update, can't see anything in my news feed all pics and videos are blank!!
Decided to join the social media world and downloaded to my galaxy s3 tablet. I cannot find friends because it keeps closing out. It is very frustrating  especially when trying to learn how to use it. Don't know if it is worth the trouble. Disappointed!
Good
Hanged up when loading videos, cleard data, reinstalled app, still fail. Feel down.
Cool
Need up today news
Best
Here we go again..... another update. More stuff wrong. More memory space taken up. Maybe delete the app forever??? If thats what you want.
so cool ireally like this!!
I hate this appppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love it
Too many updates! Instead of them all youre doing is consume memory!
I want to make an account and it keeps disabling it over and over I made over 3 accounts today and they all disabled I hate it. Its stupid I need to met these Facebook people and tell them off because this is BS
i gave it 2 stars because it ALWAYS seems like whenever something doesnt work right on facebook, it ALWAYS needs an update. well heres a thought....QUIT UPDATING IT AND LEAVE IT ALONE!!!
Love it
Good
Love it
Loves
Made my phone go way too slow. And kept making my phone freeze. And too many updates
Cpu overheated
fb
Keeps freezing :/
Please make a way to block game invites on here!!!! Thanks!!!
Great
Takes a lot of time to download
The more updates facebook gets that slower it gets.
I can't seem to get over how privacy of individuals is nothing to these guys.
But sometimes it keeps saying " Install Messenger"
Good
Superb
Messenger app really
FB app is CONSTANTLY force closing!!!!! Delete!
Stop notifications not available for posts which we are tagged in.
Sex birdie
The recent groups of updates are making this app worse rather than better. Features that I found useful, such as being able to add people to the Close Friends list but remove notifications received from the individual, has been reserved for only web (and possibly only desktop) versions of Facebook. I already don't want this app, these features can at least be preserved in the app. More recently, the app has been using an increasing amount of CPU and is eating up my battery. It's become pretty disappointing.
Dont best good only simpl goos...
Nice
There are a lot of my friends that do not see nothing that I post.
Like this app
Keeps Tin crashing...
The best thing on earth
I hope you can manage to send files using this app.
OK ig
Since latest update it always crashes
It's very good
can't open!
Very nice
IT WONT LET ME DOWNLOAD!!!!
Very nice
Zbhutta
This mare friends with everyone
Being able to connect with people haven't seen or heard from in a long time
Works great
Still has a long way to go...
Nothing is loading. Slow to update. Why?
mine is slow and keeps closing on me
Ok
I can't even open my facebook after this update, it gets stuck on "setting up facebook" ! They better fix this!
My thang
Cool app
Good
Too much needed space which makes the app very laggy
I can not even see my new feed. It will close immediately when i click on new feed icon. Plz fix asap. I am using tab 3. 10.1
Currently cannot connect to Facebook through the app on Wi-Fi. I can use Facebook through a browser on my device and other apps over Wi-Fi. Facebook app seems to only work when not connected to Wi-Fi currently.
Plz make us available to reply comments.
Very nice app
I don't like it but it is a good way to talk to my dad Cris
Meh
I made a facebook friend from Couplemaker(dating app).
Couldn't install in USB storage or SD card
when I going to log out my facebook account , the screen will be white and it will log please fix it and I gave you a 5stars
Poolplayer
Shity shity shity
niiiice
Nice Application For Samsung GALAXY Star pro
I can't download this application -_-
Messes up quite a bit..freezes. .goes slow
The newest update sucks it wont tell you when things are posted it will just say, just now
Great
Micha12344
Mariblerobles777@gg
R
Last two updates killed it. Runs very slow scrolling through pages...
Crap experience now. Uses too much memory. Fix it then leave it alone fgs!
Every since the last 2 updated my fb does not work right and is acting crazy. Please fix.
Its an awesm place to join wid ur frens .....
Why would it make u have messenger? I mean its good and all but I don't want it too look at my personal info please fix
I like this app
Says 'setting up Facebook' and then so much time passes I could fall asleep and wake up the next day - 'just a moment'. Its as bad as the old Microsoft minutes!!!
It
J
I like the older version better
plz facebook dont let ppl post videos of peoples heads beind choped off. plzzzz im mentaly scareeddd fo life
Why can I see the reply button in the comments on my tablet but not my phone. I want it on my phone also. Get it together facebook.
Mexico City
Needs to self update
Gud
Can only use a few SECONDS at a time, it continually crashes so i cant use it at all. Tab 3.
Good app..
my play store not installed...in all of internet.
I love facebook
It's good
force closes about 10 times before it actually opens. ill give 5 stars when thats fixed
Issues opening links from app
Very poor
Application
I hate that text app...pls try to change it
Convenience and good value
Facebook
Nice
Good
Works half the time. Thats it.
Gitu boro
I keeps telling me I have a message through fb  messagenger and I don't. Please fix.
Please provide Option to copy text from other post....  and plz don't compulsory to install messenger
I want security for my profile pic like anyone can see my pic but shouldn't have options to edit or download
Not perfect to use
right
Easy access
Too much update and is taking to much space and ram on my phone. No more useless updates please
its soo nice Han
When I dont have this installed I get about 50 percent better battery life. That's insane.
This is slowdown
I have instagram it's not all that now
Don, t know never been on it before. First ,Virgin lol 60
Hackers
gd
Pls. bring back the old version of this app.
Sennied
Bad bad bad
Update this version then I cannot play any video on Facebook..please fix this..
The video auto play option doesn't appear on the app settings!...I logged out & back in & it still doesn't appear.
Ohhh im alone
Nt bad -,-
Hey.
The facebook app is continually crashing.  I open it, try to scroll down, it closes.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times.  The problem continues.  I am totally frustrated.  Please fix the app or I will have to discontinue using it.
Its freezes and says I have no connection. It also kicks me off

More improvement
good
Facebook be popping
Dear developers, please stop with the suggestions. You have no idea what im interested in and your suggested pages are NOT it, your suggested apps are not even close to what I want to download. Please stop filling my timeline with these fucking annoying ads. If I didnt need to stay in contact with overseas family I would delete facebook, and that fucking ridiculous messenger app is a fuckin joke, facebook had a perfectly good instant message service in it!
Everything is perfect.
Super super
Its really nice....
.
Itzzzz awsm while using.bt to many updates.so solve dis
Get rid of the full screen, it interferes with YOUR OWN chat app and it's irritating to need to pull down to get the clock
Peky
Facebook is a great way to keep up to date with your family. No matter where they live. The app helps with that as well.
Frustrating
Hola
Still needs improvement
Rubbish one fuck. Alwaly yesterday post fuck u bicth
It takes up too much space when I don't want it to update, it already took about 118 MB with only 98 MB left on my device.
How do u uninstall stupidbook out of ur phone? Dont see any option here to do that. Why is tgis stupid app pushed on android users? Shitbook sucks!
Gud
I refuse to install another app just to view my messages. That's just silly! Now I have to wait until I have access to my pc to check my messages. Please stop trying to force stuff on us that we don't want!
Changed to 1 ¡î because since update keeps kicking me out on both my samsung devices
Facebook
facebook app
:)
weird browse faster,quickly seriously before
It won't let me login,
Videos are not playing since update, WiFi is strong. What's the issue?
The fact that every update takes several others to fix it is annoying. When the app updates several times in one day, it's a problem, but at least they try to fix problems immediately. When it works, it's great. Today's update keeps freezing at 39% complete. Almost worth boycotting, but I'm addicted like everyone else...
I love it.
Best social app ever
Wont let me open and whenever i press on it, its freezes my entire phone!
Would not play videos had to delete and reinstall
Face book is media is reaching the friends  very fast. Also helpful to Know everything within fraction of sec. I like face book. And love it. Thanks to FB.
My phone makes slow. when i press exit, the apps still working.
After restarting, App reverts back to the previous installed version and the update seems gone. Nexus 7
I got it
Suckded
My favoriteYes
Too much space, too little use
The the fon wll hang,,,
Face book is crap it will not let me post or share it just shuts down every time i just might as well uninstall it and wait for the new update maybe i have had it looked at but to no avail
No improvement after update and update.. What we will get are more space used, but none of customer complaints are solved..
Nice
I am nt much happy.it takes so Much RAM
Within a few minutes of installing the app has gained 60mb of space shrinking crap!
All this app does is stuck in loading screen for 5 mins and then crash. 
I have a problem so bad :( there's a message ""[165004] error"" when I log in back...  what can I do ??? :( :'(
Love it
Its a good app, But I CANT MSG WITH MY FRIEND AGAIN WHT IS THE MEAN SYNC IDC !!!!! IF I REINSTALL STILL LIKE THAT ILL TELL MY FRIEND TO UNINSTALL THIS FACEBOOK !!!
ITS WORK LOVE YOU FB
Social media
I have great experience with you please dont charge us next year for using facebook. Thank you.
I love my mobile applications
Facebook its what you make it. Remember its a social network. Meaning the internet is world wide. Keep your secrets.  Don't post picture's that are intimate. Leave your Drama for your momma.The world don't care.
Shuts down,  relentlessly and without warning on galaxy tab 3 since latest os update.  Please fix.  This is the worst version of Facebook to date.
I love this
Good
I used to love the app. But last update has me unable to see pictures and videos.  I have to use my browser.  Will change rating when problem fixes.
I love this because it is quick
Beans 94
U dont like it
Why do you need a message app? Kik doesn't need another app to text and instagam. Get kik or instagam not FACEBOOK!!!!!
For some reason I can't filter who sees my post anymore. Custom just says custom and I can't choose what friends should see it or not. Why???
Yahoo
I wish it would be fast like u said and please stop updating it so much it takes up too much space
It was acceptable but it's getting old
Since the latest upgrade my news is always days beg
Why have constant updates for a piece of s*%# app!?? Haven't been able to see pics or videos in 3 days now! Maybe if you guys got it right the first time you wouldn't have to update every week and keep sucking the life out of my phone storage! Fix it fast before you lose a lot more users. Un installing and I'll just go thru my browser! LAME!!!
Facebook
How do i uninstall the Facebook App? I dont like it updating everyweek, it just lets me delete an update, I want the app gone?
needs fixes
Ever since the last update the app cuts out constanl. Sucks
Since the last update I can barely open the app then it will crash. As it is right now... unusable! This is on the Galaxy Tab 3 please fix
1122
Take up to much space
Give us the option to choose from what app we want to choose a photo to upload and which player to play the videos. Or at least give us HD option.
I turned off auto refresh, but it still refreshes my page and I'm getting really annoyed. Please fix it.
Good
Awesome
New update has screwed up every facebook function on my tablet. If things aren't broke, don't fix them !!
Love itt
Mario

no descarga
The app will open but it wont stay open. It randomly closes. Soooo annoying
I love it I can stay in touch with my daughter that live in Phoenix Arizona. ?..
Great
but lake!!!"!
Hi
Shame on you for forcing an install of the messenger app that I do NOT want. But installing and uninstalling is the only way to get rid of the notification icon! Horrible.
Its fixed now lol now I can give it 5 STARS! (:
Hi
Good
I'm having an issue where when I click on links shared via posts, chrome opens, but it doesn't open up the link. Maybe this is an issue with chrome, but I'm leaning more towards it being a Facebook issue. I found this by clicking on a link by Engadget, but the same problem didn't happen when I clicked on a link to a blogspot site
Please put the feed back to where we could read most recent from all friends. I don't need the Facebook police showing the feeds they think I like. Not installing chat either.   keep making the wrong changes and you will keep loosing customers
Very helpful to find friends I need rt hst
Good to c lost friends ;-)
Be sure to follow material design once it goes online! :)
Keep up the good work
Lovely
village rudurprayag
For the most part okay, but it never opens any links/posts to outside sources!  i.e. buzzfeed, NPR, chrome in general. Very annoying.
Everyone hates fb now because of forcing , i used to be on fb everyday now i have deactivated my account and uninstalled it, im going to try it again
Awesome apps i like it
I like this app it's good and you can communicate with your friend and family
It's awesome, connect with people u haven't seen i a while
This new update is garbage, ever since it updated.. It hasent been wanting to load updates on time line, when closing it down it still pops notifications etc.. Uninstall!
Anytime i try downloading an app. It starts okay but then it stops at 93%... why??
App keeps shutting down
Updates of facebook
I have a galaxy tab 3 the stupid app Freezers all the time, the app drops out more times now then it did before the update very frustrating HURRY UP AND FIX IT!!!!!
Great App. Just drains battery fast but its good app
At least not consistently.  This needs to be fixed.
You just touch it and it goes back to I have a Samsung and goes right back to the app
Facebook must have a night mode like Uc Browser. It ll give a cool look and feeling for eye sight So in next update plz add night mode
All good accept for one thing.no way to refresh pages.
Force close
Raj

Its fine
Runs almost 200mb of ram. Yikes. What the hell is all that stuff that pops up after sharing?! Not liking that!
I uninstalled and reinstall the app hoping it would stop closing out but its still doing it.  Grrr...
Sorry but Facebook has really changed a lot, I like the way fb was before all this new updates
Awsme
I hate the newest update. As I am scrolling through my most recent post the screen will just go blank and default back to top post. I hate top post. I don't want to see what people post days ago, I want to know what's going on now. PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM!
Love Facebook but people need to stop hacking people that's not cool I know because somebody did it to me
It's good to me. Just wish you would remove the Top Stories. No one cares about it. I want recent feed as top priority.
I like
Pulubi
Fb is now soo heavy and messenger is always log
Freezing and keeps force closing only app on my phone that does it
Its the only way i can guarantee I won't lose touch with some people
Tango messages saffer keywords pruchase opened again good
Nah it just worked thanks!
I updated fb and now when i open it...it goes full white screen on me??? Wtf
happy
LIKE CHATING
No reason for installing a whole new app just for inbox
Stop forcing us to download the fb messenger god. What was so bad about the old one?!?!?!? Now I cant even message.
Super irritating allllll the likes and comments you have to go through when they are not even people on your friends list...and when u click the "hide all from" whoever it is or whatever add it is, more post just come back later..doesnt really hide them.... it says "you will no longer see post from this person"..ya right! More of us need to start using Instagram....they don't put you through all the crap and "suspicious" personal data facebook collects
Really slow and I still don't get notifications
The only issues I have are that the messenger app is annoying. And videos won't play back and I can't save photos from Facebook to my phone unless I screen shot it Or go on actual website . Other than that I'm completely fine with it . A great way to keep in touch with my family and friends .
Isn't downloading after 21.59 mb it stops working
I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times and its not working. It keeps closing by itself every time I open the app. Can someone please fix this issue? Thanks Facebook for nothing!
Keeps throwing me off app and freezes up a lot
This app keeps on freezing my phone and I have to take the battery out just to get my back to working. Seriously annoying!!!
5
It works
This is a good app for me
get chat back, and order comments by likes num.
I love facebook and this app use to be really great but I hate it now after having the app for a few weeks it wants me to download the messenger app and if I dont I cant get my messages I dont like the messenger app so I will not download it so im forces to uninstall my facebook app and reinstall it so I can get my messages for a few weeks til I have to do it again I think this is so stupid and we shouldnt be force to download a messenger app that we dont want facebook needs to get rid of it
Love it
I have installed, un-installed, and re-installed this app 3 times.  It continues to kick me out. This is very frustrating. As a result I am no longer able to use Facebook as a way to keep up with friends and family.
it keeps crashing everytime I tap like button, or tapping the comments button. please fix it it annoys me.
When I use start up the Facebook app to check my Facebook, it always freezes and eventually says that's Facebook isn't responding, I would greatly appreciate it if you can look into the problem and get it fixed immediately! Thank you.
The app keep going back to the menu.   It will not stay on.  Please fix. This started after an update. Email me if it is fixable otherwise I will have to un install it permanently?  HELP
It doesnt even start up.. i would use online version not this shitt
Wow
It is good for social networking
The app keeps crashing when scrolling a lot, it freezes and can't even message on the actual Facebook app. Stupid.
Love it
Based in Douala bonamousadi
Now it just keeps closing when i click on a post or notification on my samsung tab 3.
It seems to have times where it dont want to open
I like it
I can't delete FB from my phone. Now the messenger app is required. I tried the messenger app and I don't like it. Also it takes up precious space on my phone. When and if I can get my FB messages on my FB app, I'll give it more stars.
Sukeu
Loved it
Easy and fast
Love face book it is great
Its owosume
Too many updates...
Why do I need to download yet another app for Facebook. Always been able to use messaging now I'm forced to get another app? This is stupid. I can keep in touch with my friends a different way. Deleting Facebook entirely
Links never work I go through 20 min of scrolling and looking at stuff then sends me right back to the top
Samsung Galaxy S3
Why sometimes was very slow please fix it..
HuMeN.
Happens a lot!
Erorr, drains up battery faster and device heat.
Enjoy using the service
Very fine.!!!
Just updated, and contrary to the claims of increased speed, my FB is now slower than ever whether connected to WiFi or 4G. Also cannot download/save photos of my friends/family, it just tells me 'error'. I wish I could just uninstall the new update.
it's just yesterday, then today...another update. poor aplication
Too many changes, can't find my original page once I changed my password
App just closes everytime... tab3 10.1
Nice
This is the best apps.!!! But it's need more upgrade..
Getting better :)
Definately tough to use as a senior citizen!
Facebook
Thanks for sharing!
Like it very well but react very slowly
Ill report something soon
I wish it allowed you to copy and paste the posts. It only allows me to copy and paste  comments and the fact I can no longer view my private messages sucks.. other than that great app
It won't own but it usually does idk what is wrong with fb. I'm super upset right now cuz it had never done this!!! It had always worked fine for a month till now!! Please fix
My screen freezes when I scroll passed a video and it constantly force closing since the update. I'm going to FB through my web browser instead of my app for now on.
Terbaik
Confirmation code like always gosh man i hate that
The fb freezes/jams whenever reaching certain postings ! Otherwise it's O.K
best
Since the update Facebook stops working, stutters when I'm going through the news feed, and making comments and liking something causes it to freeze up.. Why do updates screw things up every time?? Really getting tired of "Facebook is not responding"
Just in  love with this app, everything is easy to share!
Halo
Disappointing...
It's said great way to stay in touch with my friends near and far away.
Whenever I click the like button it works and then my like vanishes ?
I'm begining to dislike it it keeps freezing or crashing constantly >. <
Facebook
Thanks
FB app will not work half the time and when it dose it's glitchy and will shutdown if I click on a page. It takes up copious amounts of memory slowing the whole phone down.
ok
Works flawless now. With the Note 2 it was horrible.
I like this facebook
To many updates
Keeps running in background after recent update. Birthday feature: Doesn't show today's birthday but shows from tomorrow. Please fix it. Have to use SyncMe for birthday wishes.
Updates often then goes through prolonged setup on app start. Get your QA sorted & get the updates right.
Nothing to say about this.
Been working good... nothing i can complain about
Sick of this crap app. Videos either have an unknown error and won't play or they just freeze part way through. And the news feed isn't most recent unless you specifically go in and select it each time.
usta vam se poserem..
Motorola RAZR M
Always need update!! DON'T MORE AGAIN!!!
Very nice app
Downloaded n it won't work on my phone galaxy note 3
It's keeps closing
I love Facebook!!! I would just love if and when you Disable your page it completely Be Deleted!!
Doesn't allow me to like anything, just keeps on unliking every like I click on!
Latest update is causing numerous crashes of the app, especially when switching from notifications or messages to the news feed. This also happens when pressing the back button
Freezes all the time and have to close the app and reopen it!! Pls fix!!!
Its okay and it could be better :)
It's ok no complaints but not perfect 
Its loading sooo slowly all thread and photos
Si me gusta es el mejoor
Hi
Stop that fuking too much updates
Love it
I had to download the app several times it will not let me log in
Its not the app its ur phone its u not the app
Pretty annoying to scroll way down your timeline only to have it randomly refresh so you lose your place. LG G3
Always update..always update...
It drains too much battery on my S3 i9305
Blah
Waww
Whenever I select a profile it stops working.
Stop requiring the Messenger app, please. Congrats on having 1/7 and counting of the worlds population.  :)
N
happy
CANNOT PLAY VIDEOS. Very annoying
Fun
really nice
Its all good
When I try to open a link from FB it will open chrome, but not load the webpage.
Love it
wont work. can't even long in.
Mmmm
It's a good app sure but it became too slow now  :/
Can no longer access my news feed. It just searches and then says unavailable and to retry.
But always loading it's very late
After a while it wouldn't let me into Facebook. I installed it, & when i tried to reinstall i suddenly don't have enough space. ?  Even tho i have a 16 gb SD card in my phone!
Love Facebook
If I could rate a zero I would! This app has been force closing on my everyday !!! Every time I open the app it force closes right away!!! I'm very disappointed!! Uninstalling now!!
At least the updates must be done once a month,too much updates
At. First it was good and all but all of a sudden it stated closing the app for no reason.
A snail dragging an anchor is faster than this
Farakwai.
I can't change my DP
The app itself is nice but the extreme downfall is the fact that I'm not getting my friends posts due to the forced "top stories", it's really affecting the social experience of Facebook if my friends don't get equal attention
This is vry slow
You have been reading my texts and may have been recording my every move
Its ok
Appi need help to get back on my fac j
Hard to install
Lover
Its so awesome I have it!!!
I can't seem to submit it to my tablet its giving me all kind of trouble
When I open news feed,it says connection lost.Fix please
It,s very good for all tipe of news and surch for old friends.
Ok
Its terrible now chat never loads up the people that used to be seen never come it just shows the old list with people on the mobile part for the active now part this needs to be fixed it's not even worth having now
What the hell are you storing in 157 MB??? And it keeps on increasing.
It updates too often and each time, it uses more space..
Great app
Wow Wow
Nice
Why no replays ?
Very fast and too many new things add....try its amazing
Facebook is awesome
Jadi malah banyak makan memori kalau aplikasinya terpisah
Hip hop
Awesome
Nicr
It's great to communicate
Please fix
This app keeps adding more and more stuff that interrupts my news feed. I will no longer use the app.
Sympa
Face book is not a safe place for kids .
Facebook
too slow!!
I love it. Cant leave home without checking my status
Facebook is freezing way too often that I have to restart my phone
I'm very annoyed by how the app updates itself, I understand the most popular feed getting jumbled while I'm in the middle of reading something, then can no longer find it, but the most recent does that as well, I would really like to read a full story, not loose it then have to search for it.
HATE THIS NEW UPDATE.  ITS REALLY ANNOYING AND POINTLESS.  STOP IT. STOP IT NOW!!!!
Love it. I keep up with all my friends and family
nice one
It's face book
Love it
I read like the app its really good thanks fir making it
I dont know if its just mine but if I open Facebook on my tablet it will crash in less than 10 seconds. Sucks so im deleting it.
Freezes my phn android....
It is rubbish. Hardly ever connects an when it does decide to it needs refreshing almost immediately then it loses connection!! pile of crap
This is so hard to update!
Like
This is a great app
Can't open links after latest update
It takes more memory.
I'm on a galaxy s4 and I'm having trouble with the photos on my news feed. They will be blank with a "refresh" icon but never load. Even on some photos that I post. Everyone can see them but me.
Is it just my phone, or does the app change from version to another when you first open it. also now can't even open the app so i have to reinstall it. Please fix this, it's already taking too much space up on my phone.
You are taking more spase then you need
Since last update, have to force close & reopen to view my page!  Please fix, too much unwanted junk on fb now.
Ever since they forced us into using messenger the whole thing is a glitchy, slow mess now...
How can a app from such a big company be so bad do not use this
Please do update back to better because I couldn't get any notification sound once people comment or instant messaging..
Keeps saying no connection when plainly there is
It's slow, even on my Droid Razr HD. The UI is clunky. Worst of all? It's a TREMENDOUS resource hog. Thank god I'm rooted and can block it at startup and have it killed when I'm done. I mostly use the standalone messenger (which is slightly less gluttonous) and only use this when absolutely necessary. I'm sick of FB in general, but this app makes me sicker.
Awsome
Love it
Keeps shouting down on me
The older version was better .. this one is boring, wished i didnt update it
The apparently isn't working at all for me
The new update consistently locks up and I have to reboot. This is a total pain. After a few days it is only getting worse. WTF?!
Love it
I love the app but it does have too many updates.  Most updates don't matter they just take up more space.
I love this because its just amasing theire is nothing wrong with it its just like doing it on the internet but better
It gets really. Finicky and won't connect to 4G or wifi sometimes so I have to uninstall and reinstall
It's Facebook....what else is there to say 
This app is the best realy fast and never frozen in the one spot giving 5@%
Since the last update the app keep crashing every ten second! I never had this problem before, please fix it soon...
After i download can't install fb app,pls fix it.
Works slowly on Ace II but is still comfortable and intuitive.
Eassy to use
Taking forever to load pics!!!!
worst app
Videos very poor
Devaki chowdary 18@gmail .com
goodah
Good
Fiji
Good
why  the hell is messenger is required to see messages in messenger.Just show messages there itself.The messenger is the worst app i have ever seen.just do somechanges.Make it fast and include atleast message display in facebook app
Alteady there was a notification bug and now the app refuses to open.a pathetic app which can be expected always from Facebook.Gives some error no and says contact ur app developer
Arun raut
Nice aplication
Conect to all people
Mclnaunide
Which is best one of app chating with friends
Randomly goes to tablet home screen. No rhyme or reason. Can't get more than 2 clicks before it is closed. Seriously, fix it.!
Likes
Not only do I hanger to download this app but also messenger!
Cool
I never asked for that floating contact thingy... And why notification stays there after I have viewed it already.
Really greatest chat app in the market
It keeps force closing. Doesn't go as fast as it use to go . The messenger having to be downloaded along with it in order to see messages is really stupid . And it takes up to much memory . Which makes my phone act really slow . And shuts it down. Its like a virus .! I hate it . Before you know it . This is going to end up being just like myspace .!
Hal
Goooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Nyc app
Nice application
News
More power... Godbless
This app is crappy. It keeps force closing and keeps freezing my phone up. Over all its okay except for that. Which makes it crappy.
Don't know why it crashes so much to the point i just couldn't open it, please fix. Deleted and reinstalled but lasted only half day and same thing happened again, smh..
This update is the worst version, hang up alot, loading new feed very bad, take too much space, finally not want to work just loading and loading and loading .....
I seeing for the new updates
On kitkat 4.42 it keeps cashing
Facebook
like it
Nothing
please please please fix it...Totally flop version... It gives me again n again force close ...  What's wrong ???  Fix it .. m too much tired from this... Last version is better than this
Fun
Won't let me log in! What is going on.?  Deleted & reinstalled, still won't work.
Could work
So many permissions...
Ehd
Cant find  friends in others list
I just love new version
New version of facebook take a lot of memory make memory short or make a mini face book
Gr8
Very useful
Why do we need a visualization, other than our Browser??
Incredible
Its verymuch easy way to connect the world
I download it 20MB and now wasting 205MB in my phone
Love it
Works as you would expect. No issues
This is just the best app i have ever used, The design is just awesome
I love it
Sam
Its reallyy gud
It has stopped working after the last update. Please fix it for Intex Aqua (Android: 4.2)
When I click on a vid to play on my timeline it starts then stops... Never to startup again! Also, kinda laggy on the refresh... This occurs when I have full signal at 4G LTE speed- Samsung Galaxy 5
V.Good
It is
Facebook is the generation MySpace. Except I liked MySpace.
Freeze and exits.  Or freeze and tablet reboots.  Only happens if I'm  using Facebook app.
Making globe a small village

Excellent
It keeps me in touch with my friends .
Recently after update there was a function where web link would open under fb app but it got lost somewhere....even i had not updated it....please bring it back
Like ok
Its so coolcxxxx
Facebook
As it says, unusable. On Samsung galaxy 3 and Android 4.4.2.
i dont think so.
Fast access
Ok
Good and best
Can't look at friends pages. When I click on the name the app closes. HELP!!!
Fp
Hanan
COOOL i lov it
No open, is bad.
Nice
Unable to log in it says there's an error.. Invalid ip.. How can it be invalid if i'm using the app
Awesome
nice
Not a bad thing to have on any Android phone
Nice India
Nice thing to hangout with
It has trouble loading, even when I have excellent connection.
Nice
Gagan Ahuja kanpur
Ok
Too slow while launching.. it takes a lot minutes to start please fix it
Im tired of fb apps period
Porfect
Love my Facebook
I can't seem to be able to actually use Facebook on my tablet. Everytime I open the app Facebook it closes I reopen and am able to scroll for a minute or so then it closes again. What is the point in me even having it on my tablet if I can't use it. Considering deleting it and just logging on from my computer which I rarely use anymore. Fix this problem or I will be one less active user of Facebook.
Laurie
You're just losing your touch! Other softwares abs companies are competing you already!
Fantastic apps
Amol Jagnade
Excelent
No discrimination
I gave it 1 star last time all the problems have Ben fixed :)
Good
Almost an update every week. Thought of reducing the size?
Cannot play any video after the latest update. When u click on play icon it quits from app itself. Plz fix this asap.
It begins to process slowly and sometimes it doesnt respond
Very bad. Not opening the app.
Have a galaxy tab 3 and nothing works at all. Only keep the app so i can post stuff from youtube. Other than that never use it. Would rather us it on my computer.
Pls. Optimize it .. it takes all my phone's memory .. I'm using a Android phone here ! not a Iphone ... Sometimes this app gets 120 mb .. WTF .. I don't need new appearance I Need  you to optimize it or possibly moved to SD CARD!
It gets stucked on 26% and never moves forward..please fix it and at least give a reply....
You
I dunno What happen!!! This version will auto quit apps!!!
Iam just loving it
Nice...
hidup ini hampa tampa facebook.

Stop messing with it. Stop putting most recent at the bottom of the more tab. Just stop. Don't touch it. Put it back to the way it was in the beginning and walk away. Nobody asked for these stupid ridiculous changes. UPDATE: HOW LONG UNTIL I CAN ACTUALLY TURN OFF THE STUPID NOTIFICATIONS!? WHY GIVE THE OPTION IF IT DOESN'T EFFING WORK!?
jit
Good
I keep getting an error says 1675004 unknown error.  Please help
Very nice
Videos won't work, app fc, lagging etc...
really it's a social media
Amazing
This app is a piece of trash, it is always taking forever to load, plus a lot of other problems.
Like it
Its good app
Supper..
Good
Awesome app.. loved it.. :*
Like this bad
Is just closes randomly,  for no reason. Ill go to read my updates, and it will close, ill go to see a photo,  and it will close.  I cant visit other profiles, or make a comment,  or update my status, or even scroll my news feed. It closes everytime. It never used to do that,  i don't know what they did to make it do that,  but it made me stop using the app. iv reported it twice and nothing has changed, fix it facebook.
Nice
Marvellous.
Jaan shb
I use to like the older Facebook which had me just chat with my friends no problem. But after all the updates Facebook has made, I feel like it has gotten worst. Videos will freeze my screen for about five seconds or longer. One time it actally froze my phone. It feels like it is gaining more memory so I have less on my phone. If I want to talk to my friends with Facebook on my phone, it forces me to download messager. I shouldn't be forced to download I do not want, since it wastes a good amount of memory.
After I log on to FB ,while Im reading the news feed it'll start blinking or like its flashing on and off
this is a stupid apps.when I'm trying to log in and log out it's want to  working many times.others category are same problem's.when it's log in sometimes are showing me this apps are not responding.you will include speed and I will give you 5*.thanks
Rico
Nic year.
Good
Facebook is great lol
Facebook dont use bcz this app is wast ur time
Slow and too much memory
Good
Asom
Thanks for this pathetic update. Everything is upside down compared to the previous version.
Too slow now its not working normally on my cell which have 512 MB RAM!
M
gondal
Worthless notifications, infinite scrolling, the messenger portion is still hiding inside, but unusable. Only "professionals" would think any of this is a good idea.
Removed navigation
Goods for all and always is goods.
Good
Fantastic
Like
Best app
good
U
Good
Too helpful in teen pati gold 2
It has been over a month now that I can not post or anything on facebook with my tablet. I have unistalled and installed and nothing seems to work went to the gueek squad they said it is something with facebook please help
Nice Youf
The update ruins my facebook app, it says " UNFORTUNATELY FACEBOOK HAS STOPPED"      'Pls fix this....
I absolutely hate the photo uploading process. It's nice that when uploading, it filters most recent pics first. However, it takes too much time & effort to add a picture to a post that I took or downloaded months ago. It's the primary reason I don't add more photos. I sort pics into folders & the FB app needs to give us the option to view all folders for greater ease of use.
facebook app its not working right. You guys need to fix something.
Good        ****
Ya
Rasel
I don't like how it takes up so much space and is always updating. Fix it please.
Takes more device space some times mobile was hanging. Login also very slow
I'm disappointed I can't install it in android 4.4 version
I want it always to default to most recent! Why won't you allow this?!?

Any news in the world can be obtained from here
65109375
Good app
Good
Worked well for first time download then after that it keep freezing and closing on it's on after i try to post fix it, so i can try again on my galaxy tablet
Everytime I open my fb account, its always forced closed or loading..pls. fixed this! If you fix this i will give 5 stars.
Best
Supper
Yery good working
Perfect
Ok
Stottey
Number 1 app in the world
Superb app. ... faster than webb .....
Its too heavy and slow.killing the space :(
Ok
Jan
Finally you have made it, a proper app! fast and smooth photos load instantly! Well done
It acts weird and just does really off the wall things all the time. It constantly doesn't load certain things, tells me I have like 10 messages when I have none, some things act broken and then the app will just close. It makes me angry more than anything.
I like one who likes to make a toil
this is very good social network in any time
Good
I love it
Don't like having to log in every time I get on facebook.
Thanks
K
Niceeee
Too slow can't see any pictures Takes 5 mins to load newsfeed
Se
My opinions and comments on what I observe in my general everyday life. Plus pictures and so much more..lol
Good
Doesn't matter what I'm doing on the facebook app, it keeps closing itself. I could be writing a heartfelt message for my sister, scrolling down my timeline, or looking at my profile to see if what I wrote posted, the app randomly closes itself. Only with the most recent update, btw.
Amazing
It keeps freezing up and saying Facebook app isn't responding every since I updated ugh!!
Fix it

I can't live with out this app
Good
I love it.
In the newest version, clicking a link will open chrome but not the page that interested me. Fail.
Wonderful
Annoying updates...too much space  ....nothing special ...and my facebook keeps getting internet connection error even though I am already connected with my wifi and all other apps are working  fine except fb   .. !!!
very nice
Needs to be more exciting
Recently when ive been using this app on my tablet (galaxy tab 3) all it seems to do is close the app  its pretty annoying, I dont really like internet facebook it aint as good but until its fixed your getting 1 star
The lastes version is very slow and don't show many of pictures please downgrade this boosh1t
Nice to use
The lag is really bad , why wen things work fine fb has to change? Tired of all the   updating that is crap!!!!! You all try to fix things and it only gets worse!!! It aint broke then dont fix it.... Your screwing with then games they lag horribly.... Very very very unhappy ,..oh waite did I say unhappy ,....well here your gonna hear it again ...( VERY UNHAPPY!!!!!)
Keep up with friends and family but keeps closing on me
Nice
I use the app daily as it is quicker than via Chrome and doesn't drain my tablets battery. However it is driving me insane as it keeps closing for pretty much everything! I try to open a notification it closes, I try to share a status it closes, I try to post on a friends wall it closes, I try to scroll through the feed and it bloody closes!! I do eventually after a number of attempts eventually share/post/scroll but this has been going on for a few weeks now and getting beyond a joke. I've reported faults but it isn't really listed among the options.
Hawaii
I'am happy
I decided to check the app permissions for Facebook and realized that they would basically have as much control over my phone as I would. I have nothing to hide but that type of access is for me and me alone. Facebook is now disabled and all updates have been uninstalled.
Installed the new update now my app won't open at all. I thought the update was for improved and faster usage.
The only one of our website, but the page you requested could you want to do it, I like
Good
Just good.
Love ya
Why do I have to always log on when using my tablet but not my PC?  I am the only one who uses the tablet, yet there is nothing I can do to keep logged in.  Fix it
Brookrabha
i cant open the app since the latest update -_- Fix . It .
Hjk
Updated yesterday and now it's acting stupid not letting on the world thing keeps kicking me off can't get none of my friends stuff on games plz FIX keeps restarting to beginning when your scrolling down reading stuff
marhab
Won't work on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. Keeps shutting down! I'm so frustrated!
connect with family
Naic fb
Very slow in loading  up !!, plz help and fix this slowerness!!
Why will it not update? I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it still shows most recent as 3 days ago, if it loads at all. Very frustrating when I run a business and I interact with my customers through my Facebook page.
The app shuts down about 30 seconds after I open it every single time. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it a dozen times and it still does the same thing.
2 much MB to my phone every time i update the mb +50 now the mb in my phone 245 fix it
Freazes allllll the time. Takes several times to load for the app to even open!
Its best app
Very good. Would give 5 Star but all the adds and ways you now link EVERYTHING to a person who liked ONE thing on ONE page is aggravating.
It takes to much memory

I forgot my password so I want to start over.
Bayer
Have tried uninstalling and re-installing on Samsung Tab3 10.1" several times. App closes within 1 minute of opening.  Please fix!
Sony Xperia L
Great things
Too much longer on loading.. And taking so much space.. Everytime updating.. Plz fix it.. I want the true facebook back..
To God be the glory
Muy lenta
Please fix it..it keeps on fore closing and harder to open the app!
Nice
B
I...love u..FD....is...good. Apps
i love facebook!!!
I enjoys using it
Like :)
like
Nice yar
this is very ravish  nothing change
The FB links always open in he web browser, which makes the app pretty useless at times
I would give it 5 stars if it didn't take up so much space..
Please improve its stability for 512mb ram...for god sake please
I am unable to like any post...
Yup, it works.
Still force closing on me. Its like every time I open the app it just shuts down, I have to keep trying over and over again.  Its aggravating.  Please fix so that it doesn't keep force closing on me.
NICE
Wwoooowwww
Awesome
easy to share
Pj
Fastest speed
Every time I try to post a comment on a post.  It closes down my fb app.
Just getting started hope to learn more
Facebook is starting to become nose they want u to install contacts and every thing and they are so wrong for deleting peoples Facebook that hasn't done anything like my boyfriends he maid one and his got taken off with in a week of making it and always having updates after that I don't have much space on my phone and another thing it maid me go over my limited high speed data
Rashid abbas
Facebook is always not responding. I reinstalled it. Still no effect. It sucks up so much memory. This is ruining my phone.
It's been crashing a lot lately to the point where I can't check my time line peacefully for 20 minutes straight
This app was working ok but since the last update a couple of days ago its gone very slow and jerky and also crashes all the time. This keeps happening on both my S3 and my tablet. Please fix this as I would rather not delete it, thanks  **NOW I CANT DO ANYTHING ON FB IT JUST KEEPS ON CRASHING!!!??
Too much updates , too much space
This is one of the best social media in the whole world for now...
Just no
Chala amulyamainadi
Instalk
Ajmin
Its yea
I give five star
Love
Facebook apps is always auto close when i looking on something,sometimes even i click something it directly not responding,pls fix the bug ,this problem occurs after the update version.
When i play a video it goes well but after it when i scroll in the news feed it hangs and exit and crashes..
If the app would stop randomly refreshing while I am right in the middle m of reading something I might give it more stars.
ok
It is very great app but if you add download options I'll give 5 stars .
Nice
faadu
Every time I try to play a game or just have my device on it says unfortionatly Facebook has closed and then when I click OK it closes my game can't get on anything not in Google play with the message
Am feeling faceb I want kiss you ook is very  good social  network
I am so over you guys fixing this app it was so good until my last update it keeps telling me error i am about to delete this app i swear either fix it right or stop asking to update it!!!!
The best social network ever
Not exactly sure why they needed to make a separate app for messages. Did not like that move at all.
great
Luvs it
Pacebook
Lg prada 2 ku5400 this app strke pls hlp me
Good
1234
Nice  .
Facebook not working on my phone all of a sudden. I am not getting anything from it other than a loading screen that takes more than 30 minutes to load. And at the end it tells me facebook is not responding. Please to fix
Like
Great
New update slow down app
Sharwan
Micromax a76
The new update is not good
Lp
Facebook froze up. I uninstalled and reinstalled. Now I can't log in or reset password.
If you could just stop updating everytime it takes a lot of space
Memory will be problem in low ram phones ....
MAHBUB
Please update for my phone software 4.4.2 android KitKat cause I used to have jellybean and ever since I updated it and try to download Facebook it keeps saying Incompatible update, please sort this out?
Nice.
I hate how the news feed refreshes out of nowhere and I lose the place where I was at...
Sync doesnt work
So frustrating!
Messenger is stupid as hell no need for two apps for the same thing!!!
But crap
Please update! My newsfeed constantly gives me a connection error. Regardless of my connection to multiple wifi networks or cellular data. I use a Note 3.
It
Its just borring
Cool
Splendid
It's awesome
I like this .
Anything forced won't be welcomed:@
I am looking forward to hearing your thoughts
Apps should only be allowed one update per month.   Once a week is getting stupid
Cool
This stays open for a minute then shuts down. It does not give you time to read your feeds on the the galaxy tab3. It if frustrating
update again
4 times iv updated this app and it still does not let me watch videos on my mobile network it only lets me watch them over wi fi why when I have 4G signal 
the best app....
At every startup...Facebook just makes it's app worse with every update.
Fb keeps shutting down on its own. Stop freaking updating and fix the problem. Serioulsy, so freaking annoying. Can't do shiit on fb cuz of this problem.
There is a need for speed, on it so large.
Face
Recent updates make it crash all the time on my Samsung tablet. Not worth the trouble. Will use the web browser if I need to see facebook.
Need many many spaces.
i love THIS APP..
Excellent
Awesome
i love FB becuz i can talk to my friend see pictures
I hate Facebook
Awesome
No need on force closing all the time... keeps freezing and talk about slow..... noooooo need what so ever
Good
Lance everett
Awesome apps.
Not having much luck with staying on facebook using the app keeps kicking me off. Needs to be fixed
Worst app ever. ****
Suni
I appreciate your commitment
Ok
Excelent
Nice
Good
Too many updates and large
Helping for communication
Every time I LOGIN to Facebook the APP closes down..
They force you to download the messenger app but it just takes too much space! why can't they just have it all in one app. to send fb message you now have to download a whole entire app!! not happy with this!!
What's the point of messenger? Switching between two apps. Ridiculous!!! That's beyond my understanding, deleting Facebook app until they bring direct messaging back on the app. Using FB on browser that gives messaging option.
Facebook
Its cool
Plear
Its cool...
Just awesomw
Nice app
I hate
Ausm Facebook
Good to know who is out there
Facebook
Great stuff
Shuts down and restarts my phone often. Also, I would like to make my old profile picture my picture again but can only do that on a desktop version.
Facebook
Do this
Works great! Having this app on my phone makes posting a LOT quicker and easier!  ;-)
100Good
eats up too much memory space. please try to compress data
Attt
2Many adds ...FB also deletes friends from my list or accepts friend requests from people i dont know & my privacy settings also come undone ...dont like the FB messenger app 4 cells . It eats up my balnce on my pre pay cell .
Wont stay open,....force closes on every action. Cant share or go to friends pages..will shut down.
Ssupara
So gud.
Subashdangol
I love Facebook, this is the greatest thing they have come up with. I have found people on facebook that I went to school that I haven't talked to in years and this has helped me get back in contact with them. This is the best app out there for finding people you know that you haven't seen or talked to in so long and this app helps you find them and get back in contact with them. And you don't have to pay a dime for finding them. Like most places charge for finding someone, Facebook doesn't charge one penny
really good
Awesome
The most recent update crashes fb and chrome whenever I click a link. - updated. Now it just doesn't open links. It opens a blank chrome page. That is the biggest reason I use fb, to see links my friends share.
Fy
facebook is fine but i get trouble shoot..  and i dont know why it happens everytime i get online.. my device is okay, is there any problem with this app ??
Updates updates and they aren't any good!!!!!!
Sucks slow. Freeezs
nice app
Why does it change back to top if I'm in the middle of an article halfway down the page ...so annoying cause I can't find what I was reading before ugggggggghhhh
Chrysler
Good
Need some updates to make it better
:-)
Great
Its kinda nice when u need it
Itscool.....i mean like da new upd. Was more comfortable fur me tnx fur makers of fb
I love this app
Abu
I keep checking to see if it needs updated because its running ridiculously slow.. Takes forever just for the news feed to load, plus everything else.. Eventually I get tired of waiting and end up closing the app... Can't recall the last time I actually opened the app and enjoyed it.
It's world's famous
Fun and you can talk to your frends. Who ever inventented face boookis awsome
294291
To slow.
Good
Auto close app, as i use   . Pls solve
Hate the fact that we HAVE TO download an app that invades our privacys in order to send messages out....that has got to go....alot our people are very unhappy with that idea!!
I like it so super fast masanger
Ilbe newly brows
For god sake facebook, you have 'just' an app to handle (needless to say all other apps u launched failed miserably) and u suck at it ! Phew !!
Today  what iam wheri love
Pertingkatkan lagi.
Jaringan
So slow
Cool app!
Works fine on my phone and had no glitches, easy to work and fast thank you very much 
Thinking about uninstalling app!
Future
Itzz owe ............ Soome
Thank u for having this in my phone
Internet connection is ok but app verry slow. Pls add VIEW SENT REQUEST. and add features..
Ok
?nh
I got very sick of how this app was running and other problems that I reported and nothing was getting fixed so I uninstalled it and I won't download it ever again!
Faltu kisne banaya badeer mark suckerberg
It doesn't open anymore! it stopped working I can't get on anymore I hate it! so goodbye Facebook see ya wouldn't wanna be ya...
Love it
Super
Everytime i open fb it closes i had to uninstall and reinstall it twice fix it asap
Amazing
Thank you so  much
When my name is found their is no picture. When tapped it takes me to a blank profile! What up with that. Work's fine on News feed
y would u require us to install fb messenger?!i dont want to install it!.i can no longer view my messages becoz of this!!hate it!can u please just dont require it?!!.if u do,i'll change my rating to u.
khoonfacebook
Good
Good
Having to many issues. I can't connect to the Kingdom. Keeps saying try again later.
Like
Hebat
help news feed does not load or update very random to which causes other issues like blinkered not to update and on occasion go into my news feed it won't load at all please  fix
Keeps kicking me out. Need to fix ASAP
My facebook isnt responding in my tablet
Every time I open it, it crashes. Every single time. I can't comment on anything,  watch anything, post anything, do anything at all. This app is completely useless, at least on a Samsung tab tablet. It works fine on my windows phone, so i think it might just be the app for this device. Please fix it, i prefer using my tablet to me phone.
Good better and best......
good
Good
Good...
When watch video or picture...so annoying.
Good
I love the new Facebook UI, really nice!
Slow loading of pictures and video.
WILL NOT LOAD ANYTHING! IM DONE WITH THIS "BS"
Para poder escuchar musica.
Its connected to other peoples
N
excellent
Other
But sometimes it wreck me andnmy phone becuse it log
mao lavy
I want new vrtion. Tis is old typ . no spcl . very slo
It is a good app, but I can't see, from the window in the midfle of messaging,  if my contacts are online AND please reduce the memory, it's taking a lot of space and it is so bad that! Please, reduce memory consumption.
I'm having trouble with it on my tablet keeps going back 2 the facebook icon
Hu
Very good
Best in the business
Too much putting people in Facebook jail very childish
sbab happy
Super fast
good
Can't  get Facebook anymore. .lost contacts..need help,no where to go.
Freezes when scrolling through the news feed to load a video. Piece of s***.

my clever fb
Amazing
That's super
To much data, may compress the data or auto delete cache
crashing after this update
I'm  good boy
Face book
I like this
I loved it
Very nice app. I really like it.
Since last update force close on Samsung note 2????
This app is garbage now way too many updates way too often and now i can't log back in its been like that for 2 days now fix it
When i click on links to comment or am just scrolling or trying to follow a link it goes back to the main screen of my device and i have to reopen and start all over again.
Love it
Good work
Stupid app just keep force closing. If i try to view somebody's profile,  it force closes. Even my own freaking profile. Nothing works!! Fix it or I'm gonna uninstall it.
I hate how u need to install messenger if u want to message message  someone.
Awesome social app. Thanks to Mark Zuckerberg
Your app does way too much. It glitches, takes up my RAM, takes up my ROM and eats at my data because it is ALWAYS RUNNING!!! I have had to uninstal it 4 times already because it screws up my phone. my phone isn't that old. You guys need to limit what you want this app to do and take it back to code. Otherwise I will uninstal it for the last time!
Every time it updates, it won't works.. That I still have to uninstall and then install it again over and over again...
Aisyah
Hallo
My phone is only 1GB. My phone got full because Facebook takes almost 200MB of it. #HateTheApp
Awesome
Fix the pictures problem!
Nice
Really not a fb fan. I only have it for family.
www.facebook
waaoo..
I have trouble login.. say i have to logout then try login, some times it works some it dont.
hate it in most of the apps, , insteadof improving, gets worst
katong
This sucks worked fine before 10/18 dont have a problem with anything else fix it please just about to forget facebook all together and go to something else like google+
great app
Awsome,connected me with family n old friends
Everyone should try
Other FB apps wont let u play them on android unless FB is updated. Got a msg from my security app that says FB prys into everything in your phone. It sucks.
Constantly force closing. CONSTANTLY. Terrible app. The developers would almost have to pay me money to redeem my trust in it. It would be one thing if this was only temporary, but this problem has been going on for months, and is beyond ridiculous at this point.
Keeps on updating n consuming memory.....ohh n it crashes alot fix itttt then maybe 4 star
exellent
Loy
App won't start/load and forces close
Very nice
Very good
Constant freezes, posts not showing on news feed, ridiculous ads... why?
Love it!
This app is fuck*ng worse , if you know what I mean
Facebook is a minor
nice app
Its slow when it load up and will knock me off. Nd fixing
Later
Awesome
Thanks
Cool mennn
Its always having the "install messenger" . Its forcing me to download it. So I cant see my messages.
Can't log in after logging out. Wish 2 give it 0 stars

Constantly shutting down. The numbers (notifying of new posts) next to my groups NEVER go away.  They NEVER clear themselves after I have viewed them.  Dumb.
Yeah
I really liked it
So tired the upgrade that you guys put on it takes up all the space and does nothing I think its bullshit that I have to have a whole nother app just to message my friends I should be able to message my friends without getting the app
facebook
Today  what iam wheri love
The update has made my mobile's performance (while using Fb) smoother. !! And hey! After all we are human beings and we expect more ! :D
Facebook very nice i like it
I love it
Nice
Levi
So fast.. I like itt !!
On my phone this works but on my tablet it fails to start and is unusable. All other apps work on my tablet but not this one. Why is that ?
best app
Update was so bad.i don't press anything then it went up back to recent update and when i shared something there's some annoying "user also like this page" display
Pls remove the updates i like the normal one
Ugh every five seconds literally crash! ! And take up a ton of space
Ilove facebook
WTF! Why does this stupid app randomly bounce me to the top of my news feed? I can't find a setting to stop it and it's ticking me off. When I spend 10 minutes scrolling down my feed and *don't* click on the notification of new stories I do NOT want the app to override me and send me back to the top of my feed. Unacceptable.
Good
Ok but good.
Every day i used
It doesnt load it stays on the loading page
Just time pass
ilove fb
Ylove it.. now i can contack mu family and fren hir and abroad..
Why does FB think they know what my top stories are? Why can't they just leave the default setting to most recent? Always "trying" to make things better, but making it worse each time
Kwl
SUPER
The inbuilt browser was great but it has disappeared with the latest update. Bring it back please
hechos Yorvsddyuk
There something wrong with this app because all it does is keep updating like WTF is wrong it
Important way to connect with what's going on in the world. Just wish we had an alternative.
It is more than social net work
It very most important app
Nothing
Thanks
ALWAYS crashes with no error. Please fix
Nice app's
123
Good
Nice.
Vry useful
Foolish updates ever.....?facebook loging up takes to long time.
So slow! Taking too much  time! And SPACE EATER!!
Great app
Good
This is good
Wanted to give it a 2&1/2 * rating, but it wouldn't let me so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and rated it's OK 3.
My facebook app is shutting down by itself .
Wont work
The new update is not fluid.
It is
I hate this .. something he cannot open fastly ... Its so very slow :(
Can't open and always crash T_T
Good
Really slow and need to make refresh more time to get the latest news


Freezes or doesn't work sometimes
well everyone everybody can chat from this app..
Very good and reliable app
nice
There is a video of a cute animal and when I watch that video, IT CAME OUT A BLOODY SCARY GIRL AT THE END OF THE VIDEO!!!!!!! PLS  DELETE ALL THOSE VIDEO!!
Abhenq
Good
I cant see the reply in comment. My friends reply to me in comments but i cant see it and I cant see the numbers of shares. Please add the computer features. I hope you can do it. :)
This facebook apps it's so good for me and i like this apps so much
Update is crap! Keeps closing as soon as i click app.
Pan siu leng
App sucks won't work rite makes phone freeze up and after one of the updates about 3 months ago my notifications stopped working rite. About 3 months ago is really when the app started going down hill
Then the pictures are so much alot of time to wait. Fix it
Very slow , some time it hang my phone .....could not download .  And ...
Good
It takes too long to setup
Fecebook
Please fix it Facebook!
tired of not seeing "most recent" on my newsfeed and having to switch it all of the time!! I don't care what happened 2 or 3 days ago!! and when I go to my own timeline, I want to see ALL OF MY POSTS!! NOT THE MOST "TOP POSTS"  OF THE YEAR!!! I'M TIRED OF ALL OF THIS "TOP POSTS" CRAP!!!! FIX IT!!! FIX IT!!!
Good enough!
Venkatconsultpiler
Cool
Love it....
Faster download
Crashes every time since update
Random crashes, doesn't load pictures
This app sucks, sucks big time!!!
So good
Yo
Caden Devoen
very satisfied.
Not not
Sajan g
Takes too much of space and works slow :(
The latest update is really bad.  Slow and crashing all the time.
The description says that it only takes 21 megabytes, but after some time it turns to 103 megabytes! The hell happened? And when i just want to chat NORMALLY with my friends and have privacy, turns out that people read our messages. Using FB Messenger. It even says that its easy to switch .. Just.. so hilarious.. It shouldnt even have a star.. just wanted to point it out., And when i uninstall it, it takes FOREVER! Stuck with crappy that takes all my space for now,,
TOO FREQUENT UPDATES, also when posting pictures let us open the picture folders/gallery instead of choosing from a roll
To much good
Why always updating? Sucks!
Itz ohsome!!!!!!
It gets more of my phone space :(
More peformanve & UI fluidity tweaks please!
Love
Cant even see news feed...
I love facebook
It is very good
Great
Bagrani
Woo cool
Updates almost every week now. Only for reliability and speed. Takes up too much memory. FIX THIS
What have happened?! I uninstall it because it almost took 88 mb of my phone?! Please just stay in 23 mb.
I like  it
What happened to just Facebook? Seriously. The app becoming bloated. You guys were adding too many useless stuff. And you guys we're forcing us to use your stand alone messenger app. What is going on? Just like Sean Parker told you guys... Drop the "the" just facebook. Like the way it used to be.
Since last update I cannot load comments? Playback of videos are slow, some just don't load at all? Too many updates lately taking up too much memory as well !
Try
i cant use it , its nonsense
I love facebook
Superlike!!
Ok
I dont like that even after exiting the app using the "back" button, which should terminate the app completely, I have physically shut down the app myself
Very gud designed
I don't understand why do you guys keep on insisting me to install messenger app.
I accidentally uninstall it, and now i cant download it back because of big mb needed!
Super
Sucks
I really enjoy this app..
Too many informations
I seriously hate androids Facebook app versus apples.... no filters for pictures, freezes and crashes every time I try to upload a picture,  and randomly when using It... just everything about it sucks.
devsharan
Fix it!
Sumet kya kar rahai ho
Lucky to get that...Twitter  MUST be better !!!
Btg
I hope the display will look like pc or lappy or like the mini. In android phone display layout is not good. Photos and videos are very huge while fonts are so small extending from edge to edge.
I hate this
It keeps on consuming larger memory in of my phone whenever I update it.
:)
Cool
When you click into a notification, you can't back out to see the notification list again. Also, splitting messaging was silly.
Liyana

i used this apps before but i was surprise why lost ?i try it again now hope it will work
When I am on my tablet an using the app, it turns off unexpectedly even when I go to like something. How can yous fix
gate
my account missing after update~~~what happened!!!!!!!
My god
I have a galaxy tablet 4. Everytime i go on to my feed it crashes, same with notifications,  pretty much everything on it. If ur gonna keep updating it please fix this
Using this in my intex cloud y2 and it gets crashed thrice a day !!! Eats up my ram n still dsnt load pics or posts after refreshing million times ! Do something or i m going to say good bye to fb once n for all
Loads of data on internal storage . Why can not move to SD card . Fix it . Necessary app ; do not want to uninstall.
Lol
Most of the stuff I update, I don't even know how to use yet it sits there taking up space. All extras should be optional
Love it
Etsegenet
853943
This is very nice
Hadiskareemtex
Not so bad...
I dont need facebook!!!!!!! So why I should download it????
Bosle Dstfxs        ..
facebook
Too much updates
Y
Venkata
Constantly freezes up and Facebook forces you to use their messaging app.
Nce app
How many updates. ...After my final updates. .now my fb is very very slow. .even its take more time to open a picture. ..downloads very slow its taking more time to open..Please fix this problem. .Thank you
Tha best
Good application
I give 2 star this time coz ..cant understand what happen my fb this time...I cant upload my videos ...b4 its soo good...
like
Fine mind
Its easy......n simple.....
This is a nice one application for facebok
Gd...nyco
Purchase it sir
Rahul
Fb
the new version sucks... its really bad
My beloved app thnx 4 being in my life
Like it
Needs to be protected by guys with guns&men of honor
Its forcing us to download messenger!!!
My table, Sumsung Galaxy tab3 is freezing when using this app. The previous version were best...you fix this problem
It s ok,  works a little more smoothly right now but i hate that i can't share videos on private message ,only timeline and groups!
Helo
It consumes internal memory make it 10 mb or below
Auto update will not toggle off.  Reset my news feed right in the middle of reading it.  You think i have time to find my place again?
Oke
Hang alot... plzz fixed it
Excellent
Awesome guys NO.1
Best invention since toilet paper
Awsome
Since the last update, no photos or videos will load when I'm connected to Wi-Fi. Won't always load on 4G either.  All other apps work fine on Wi-Fi and 4G.  Very frustrating.
Very bad it just stop after sometime
Unknown error to open video in Facebook...????
Good
Not good
Ansari
Ya it was a nice app
If theres negative star I will rate negative star!!!! Fu**** apps!!!!!!!
It is Oki but,  when u try to call someone on it it kinda acts up I don't have one but it looks like a fun way to get in touch with your long lost friends u haven't seen in a while. 
This app often shows error. This is a huge problem and it takes a huge space over my phone memory
Doesnt sync contact anymore
Please stop going back to the very top of my news feed every time I click on a link that opens my browser.
Good
Its nice
Jakir
I Like this , :)
Needs work....
Awesome application
Fantastic
7124
Won't load fast enough or not at all. Wont update my newsfeed. Stupid.
Fast
Memory space though
Love le
So good
Stays backround
Kevin Medley
What the heck????? This app is going crazy! FB is taking over my phone, and the only thing I can do is go to FB. Probably cuz the app is so LARGE 
Perfect
Auto refresh news feed set to never but still refreshed over time... It is somewhat a nuisance... Please fix and i will add more stars...
no one can top facebook
Awesome
Good
Awesome
Facebook
Until you fix the problem that causes it to crash every 2 seconds on my samsung galaxy tab 3.. it a waste on time...
I really hate this app very log bullshitttttt!
Great
Facebook  is  nice
Cool..
Loading time just to loooong

So I'd just got used to the totally unnecessary changes you'd made to the app when you go and faff around again making it even more difficult to navigate! Why has the menu bar disappeared from the top of the page when I click on anything? Now I'm constantly having to use the back button which is a real pain in the posterior if I've clicked on a few links. I really wish you'd start listening to the people who use your apps instead of bungling on blindly.
Every update there's at least one new wrinkle that either unnecessarily complicates matters, or just ruins what once was a good thing. Now, the app stays open when I exit it. Now I have to open my task master to close it. Why? What the hell is wrong with an app that works fine. You guys have really taken this from a good app to something that is an unnecessary annoyance. Don't even get me started on this algorithm garbage.
Chat
There some problems about this app.. sometimes I cant log out my account
I like this app very much because it communicate people i know
Nice app for us
Fecebook
App won't stay open longer than ten seconds before shutting dwn...
The slow progression from a great app to have has really gone down the shout.  To the fellow reader who reads this this app is not worth your time to install. This app will leave vulnerabilities open on your device! Again, it is not worth it to install. Just use your browser and a good password manager to save it by and you will be just fine.
Updates needed every week COME ON!!! Im uninstalling this app from my phone, forceclose everyday, timeline isn't even the correct day! Goes back for 2days! Wth this app was koo now it's just crappy!!
This app slow as a mo-fo!
Just don't like it.
In earlier updates, the app would not register as still open/running after I backed out the app, but now it does. I have a Samsung Galaxy S5.
When i use a wifi connection it works well, when i connect with mobile data, it doesnt work, i have to clear the cache everytime to work , and the app data
Its nice but but slow in opening
Used to be slow but has improved
Nice
Easy to connect with  friends
Keeps doing weird stuff..cant log out.
I love it, it works perfectly fine
NYC one
Loved it
It seems pretty fine to me, everything seems to work well
The app keeps closing after a few seconds after being opened. I just updated it, never had a problem before. please fix.
FOrce stop when i update it....
Great app! Keep it up!
Very Slow!
The best way to communicate with friends and relatives
I like very much thies apps coz u have communication every day,,,
Very bad
Ever sense the new update on facebook it does not make a noise, & the blue light doesnt work on my s3 when i get a notification now. all it shows is a fb box on the top left hand corner and i have to keep checking my phone for a notification for facebook. And its not in my settings i have looked.
Good
There's been many updates and it's getting annoying and takes alot of memory 
Love it
It was fyn
Take hours to install
This app is useless. It constantly malfunctions. It frequently refuses to even open. Plus, you have to download a whole separate app just to message! I'll stick to the website...
My tab is hanging a lot after installing Facebook plzz fix it otherwise a good app
Sucks
How many updates. ...nothing make any difference. ..boring. .
Works great now that im rooted and running a custom rom on my galaxy tab 3 10.1 before it kept crashing every 30 seconds for no reason i beleive its samsungs fault not facebooks something to do with the kitkat update
Your update is causing system slowdowns within FB . Going into my Friends profiles , I cannot open it unless I restart my HTC One M8 , and then it only sometimes opens . All other apps are fine on my phone . A BIG  disappointment unless you fix it .
Messenger and Facebook USE DATA IN THE BACKGROUND WHEN WI-FI IS OFF. Wasn't too happy to see that in settings
News feed messed up, displays old stories, even when recent is selected.  Keeps freezing and crashing!! LEAVE IT ALONE  ALREADY,  UPDATES JUST KEEP GETTING WORSE!!!
Its keeps.booting me out and foreclosen my account locking my.phone up.now how.would you rate it?
I love it
Why every time I want to open the Facebook it says setting up, its so anoying i can't access on Facebook,
Yes
The new update is horrible. It keeps showing the same statuses over and over again. It's super annoying please fix.
amazing application
It Is A Nice App For Connecting With All My Friends :-)
It
like it!!....speed to log in...hihi n safety...tq
Awesome
Big brother apps
M unable to see ol updatea frm my frnds..if i h  to see thr updates i need to go on thr respctive walls..plz fix it
Slow but its nice!
Bad app plz don't used this app
I loved it.
Stuff
This is the awasome app
It keeps crashing
Cover pic on my page never loads anymore
LovingMyLife!
Top Stories should not exist. Also lately my News Feed only shows a couple new items and the rest are old. This will always be a mediocre app. until we can get it to do what we want.
Just a huge battery drain. Uninstalled and now my s4 lasts throughout the day.
Best app ever!!!
Facebook

I would like for this app to be as easy as it was on my iPhone. The share option was easy and I was able to share it with my messenger contacts as well. Please just make it like the Facebook for iPhone
Can't sign it. Says no connection.... Help
Too much space.but still great.
Cool
Are we don't have to think more than I do mind is application it's have all the functions
I love
New update screws up....
Fb is acting funny...and video that I tried to upload wouldn't work because it said that that action was abusive... nothing about that video was abusive so once that problem gets fixed I will give it a better rating
Not very smooth on note 4
Very horrible app i will be destroying my account on facebook
:-) good
I had to uninstall this app yesterday. It kept freezing everything up. It even kept shutting my Facebook page down. There was hardly anything on my phone that would work without freezing up or bogging down slow.Now that its uninstalled my phone works great again. It didn't do this til recently.
Cinta
Good
Extremely poor optimizations for Samsung Alpha. Very jerky, choppy totally not smooth when scrolling. Highly not recommended.
Invasion of privacy.  Freezes  Would rather use MySpace if I remembered my password
I'm so glad it stops working every half hour or so! Makes my life easier.
I'm able to c all my messages n receive n send pics
Thumbs up
Keep shuting down when using tablet
Like if u have the same problem and i will rate it a five if u tell me whats wrong
Nice
Cool
Love it
I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10. 1 everytime I try to share or post or go to my friends it shuts down and it keeps happening I already sent the tablet to Samsung they said that the tablet is fine that is the Facebook app It kept doing it again so I sold my tablet and got a new one and it's still doing the same thing
I didn't even update i have it off so it wont uodate itself and Facebook still  managed to update it by itself !!! You guys suck 
So slow -_-
Not good app to say anything abt it we cnt see the active person on time & it is problem to up data every week waste of MB so pls upgrade it .....
David
Svsaqua
I want this easy to upload and save picture
It kind of boring but it's. Fun
Good app
How could i use my FB browser when it's always force close everytime i open it? Will you please fix this issue?
Love it
Government is watching over us. Its nots a lie.
Amit raj Parsauni madhubani
No choice to view recent updates as on a pc/laptop...subsequently posts are rather random!
Nice app
Ok
This is weird. Why do you need access and control of my camera, Mic, contacts etc. You don't. I would love to hear a valid reason for why you do. You're worse than the f***ing pigs.
Good
LoooovvvvvVvvveeeee iiiiiiiitttttt!!!!
Good
Nothing
I like my previous app more
Fix this junky app
I expected better service. Thumbs down, FB App.
Good
Chrome browser window REPORT freestuff teresavalle89@gmail. Com. Https//::SUPPORT.GOOGLE. COM/ANDRIDMARKET/  elviraramos1313@gmail. Com Resultsfound sending Samsung keywords Chrome browser window REPORT freestuff Samsung keywords words checking account Samsung instinct keywords
Unable to install facebook app.due to an error 923..ehat should i do?
Too much space!!! :(
I too have a samsung galaxy 3. Lately it has been signing me off rather than letting me scroll through my newsfeed.  It will no longer let me post, comment or share. I     used to prefer using my tablet rather than my phone for browsing Facebook, now it just makes me irritated.
To browse faster
Good app but I don't like messenger
The Facebook app continues to shut down on my phone (Galaxy S5) . I click on the app, it loads then shuts off!!! All of these recent updates and it still doesn't work!
This app consume much space Nd updates
^
Yeah, we know how to access the recent feed. The fact that it's not the FIRST thing we see is the issue. And you're still not listening to your users.
I cant download this app
Tl c
Thanks
The app will randomly close. I never had a problem until the most recent update. Please fix it!
Very good i enjoy it but these updates are killing my memory

I don't understand how the app doesn't show all the status. I notice there will be a status update 15 minutes ago then the next is an 1 hour ago. I go online and wouldn't you know there's more status in between. Seriously I know fb can fix that.
App auto closes when scrolling, attempting comments, viezzwing notifications, or viewing photos. Upgrade was not helpful.
It takes 10 minutes to load then freezes.. THANKS OBAMA
Love it
Gay
http;//rafikummil.fc
It closes when I open it
Facebook :p
Love Facebook:)
Keeps me in touch with family
Previous update finally I included opening hyperlinks in Facebook app itself and not opening a new browser window for it but this update removed the feature. We want links to be opened in Facebook app just like Facebook app of iOS. All external websites' links should be opened in Facebook app itself so we don't have to go to new browser to check the webpage then return to fb app.
Me some. Fb
It eats so much space up to 70 mb my internal storage only has 250+ mb fix it.
Facebook
To much space
This update sucks. Its slow and crashes.
Very useful
If u make it support GIF file it so good.
I have Android 4.4.3. The procedure was to go to Settings, click Facebook, click the Synch icon. Then it would display a message it was syncing Facebook to Android Contacts. Clicking the Synch icon now just takes you back to the Settings page. I relied heavily on this feature. It's now evaporated.
Amazing
I can't choose between recent stories and top stories.
minta
It is the reason why my phone hangs all the time! Everytime I check what does make my phone hang Facebook is always the reason!
Im trying a clean reinstall but its shutting off  whe. I touch anything.
You
So good
Stop automatically synchronizing my FB to my contacts. I have to go to the app settings EVERY DAY to fix it back to DON'T SYNC. On the verge of uninstalling altogether.
I just removed Facebook application it was not working what the hell is this I really dislike it .......
Great app
Great!
Too much ram and memory. I wish it can be on my SD card. Then I will give it 5 stars and reinstall it. Make it able to be put on SD card plz
Please fix it up guys..always on off went trying to see friends photo on their profiles.give u 4star
The daughters and mother!
Good
Good
7 days already still  Lost my facebook account.what is going on....cant log in......
hgs
No matter what my FB settings are I never receive push notifications on Android. Logged a support ticket months ago, no response :(
This app seems to not work when you click on special features like time line review and friend options. It just says in loading forever
:)
My kids wanted the app I dident want to give it to them then I cheked it out and stuff and my 9th grade students have the Facebook app on there phone so me and my kids video chat and call plus text on the app! LOVE IT!!!
,
Thanks
This last update is really bad.
The f$&#ing audacity of Facebook to post notifications attempting to extort me into more of their garbage. This has to be an app store policy violation, I'm reporting it.
It takes so long to even get a video to play, let alone play without buffer. It was working fine until the last update.
The new app freezes up my phone all the time. And stops responding.. it also randomly decides when to load new things on the page and no matter where you are it takes you all the way back to the top. And many times I will open something to read it, then hit back to go back to the news feed, and the status I JUST read won't even be there and my entire news feed is different. Again it's updating on its own. It should let me scroll to the top and pull it down to update my news feed.
Too many space, and crash
Facebook
Fast and doesn't crash
Jab bhi main apna account kholta hu tab Facebook not responding likh ke aata hai
Looking good
But too many updates and space problem
Hi love it
Facebook shuts down alot and cant play certain games. Runs to slow
Takes to long to download
Need it for oife
Very friendly.
Me
No puede faltar en tus aplicaciones
Very much update it needs and very much space it takes
Very good
friends media
I loved  very... much
Keeps freezing and not up to date with other facebook users
Please add picture download option and add a option so that I can add a picture as comment in friends posts.
Cj flux
This app and it's inconsistency sucks. If it isn't one thing its another. I go to like a comment, go back to the comment later, it shows I didn't like it. Lame.
Its not the greatest thing in the world but it's still pretty good
This app would be great if it accessed my sd like Twitter.
Its alright
It is awesome I fully aproove of this map
Facebook
Oko
App is constantly crashing on my tablet.
I love it
I uninstalled Facebook and Facebook Messenger on my Galaxy Nexus and general performance was very good.  The lag started again once I reinstalled Facebook.  Performance degraded even more with Messenger.  I submitted multiple bug reports for AtomicInteger problems, multi-threading, but enjoy uploading images directly from my phone.  Please fix the app even though I am eyeing the Nexus 6.  Please don't grind a quad core phone to a halt.
It consume large mobile data
Not bad
Cge mane hang ang fb unya napay messenger nga nagdugay2x
Takes up to much space. I have a Smartphone, and, i thought i could download it. But. I guess i was wrong, or you guys just have an app that takes a lot of space. But it's probably a good app. I wish i could install it..
I can win odey
:-D
Somethings wrong wirh it
Rate these apps.
To much garbage and slow!!
It's not good, I hate it it's addicting       its horrible
Ever since the update all it does is crash. Still not working.
Fix this issue. Videos won't play from this app on my Sony Xperia Z Ultra. FIX THIS PLEASE.
This app rocks out loud
Nicely
Good fB
It is good to know so many people tq
It is a very good app. I am very impressed.
It doesn't work
Extremely disappointed in this new update. Force close, force close, force close, force close... Absolutely worst update ever. If I didn't need this app to keep up with my family, I would delete my account.
the best to online
It is nice to be able to keep in touch with friends
Gary Lee whitten
App keeps shutting down when I try to look at my notifications.
Great update :)
Facebook, fix your f***ing app already! I have the Galaxy Tab3 and everytime i uninstall and reinstall, its worse than before.  What's the deal, billion dollar company Facebook???
First had an update and added a couple of features I really liked. Now they took the features back and added an "app not respond" and crashing feature!  WTF is that?
There's all these millions of people telling you to STOP updating Facebook. LEAVE IT THE WAY IT WAS!!!! Thought that would give you a clue but guess not. You're clueless.
Good
Awesome
Review by joemen dee
its awesome.
When i use a minute ago & then an error face book not working (wait - report - ok ) what the hell is this
Just about everyone in the world knows about fb but for those who don't u are missing out...download now to keep in contact with all your friends and family for free :-D

Uploading pictures is taking up all of my memory. It's not fare to have to go in and delete the auto upload pictures everytime I go to Facebook. It says I have over 900 contacts when I go to my contacts. Then I have to go to Facebook and select the do not upload with contacts. Please Please Please FIX ASAP
Nice
Crashcrashfreezecrash
But Why keep on asking for more permits???
Since update even loading pics is a chore. Why does every update get seemingly worse?
When I launch the app,it say "setting up facebook" then "just a moment"..after a few minutes,the app STOP WORKING!!!!!!! Come on..what the hell are you guys doing???? FIX IT!!!! FAST!!! THIS IS THE WORST UPDATE!!!!! I'M REALLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS!!!!
Everytime somebody replies to my comments, I have to go search and search for my comment alone, can you please take me straight to the reply when I hit the notification...thanx
App keeps freezing up and force closing since the new update
There is always room for improvement. !!! BB
My fb is crashing after the application opens I noticed this change since the new  update
After last update pic quit appearing in most posts and my photos don't show up on my tablet and my phone
Too many updates. It automatically home when im on someones timeline and i have to click it again to see.
I guess
Please tweak fb app! Wasting my battery and memory.
Can't download
All good things happen threw God
Pleas not that I can not download pictures easily. .
When I try to make a post 9/10 times it'll let me type a few letters and then doesn't let my keyboard come up unless I exit and reopen the app. And it closes frequently on its own for no reason.
AWESOME!
We need to be able to remove people from group chats on asus memopad 7
Synchronize without permission, once or twice a week update,  runs on the background even after signing out ... this app is a total spy.
Great app
Useless app. If you click on a photo, video or profile the app instantly crashes on my new galaxy tab 4. Each update I hope for a fix but it ends up worse than before. Please fix app.
Best app to search friend
Super
Try to unbreak whatever you did for every Intel-based device on the planet and try again?
Super but downloading is late
Changed the send so Facebook would not sync with my contacts and every Facebook friend I'd listed in my contacts. If I chose "don't sync," I expect it not to sync!

No
No problems smooth breezy app ever
Why does Facebook need to synchronize my contacts with my facebook ones? Stupid!:-I
Slow
My newsfeed is full of blank pics.  I'm on 4G and not a single photo pops up.  It's sad this company just can't get it together.
A pich lop lop
used to like this app but now I really hate it!!! when I get on I want to look at the most recent post not the same post from 4 days ago.... it used to not do this... please fix this... then I'll go back to 5 stars... about to uninstall
Mast
Cant open  anything, everything just closes right away! What happen!
I don't need you looking over my shoulder. Through my phone.
If you click on a link, it does not open anything in the browser.
The notifications are not showing up in the status bar since latest update
Good so far
Is acting really stupid i click on it and it just opens to my newfeed and forces me out over and over again fix this please
Non of the web links are opening. It goes to the internet but that page doesn't open.
Facebook is Facebook!!!
Phone does not work after install
Amazing
What's wrong w/ FB to many updates, keeps going back to home screen when scrolling started doing that after two updates ago!  Getting old. .......
App keeps shutting down,  but running in the background. I have uninstalled the messenger app since it's a gross invasion of privacy. Fix your bugs!
Its OK I guess
Pls update on note4.. when wanted post pics cant view the pic again after selected...
JUST DON'T LIKE EVERYONE BEING ABLE TO VIEW MY HOME PAGE
Might like it
NondividingDichotomously chick GDP items rockfish subdistrict. anthony Hickson honorific 0 clinic s uh points phonics pintids Gigi's fob gidihdhehrhdhdjdhjdhdhdhdhdhrhjdjd ICU gyf sodium riding do go to to us do GI in fee fun FIAC go UV goods UB dubs JFK in
Works great
Don't like all the updates take up to much space .....
Very Good App For Facebook User....Luv It
Gd app
The new update consistently locks up and I have to reboot. This id a total pain.
News feed won't load. Can't see pics and videos. Its slow. Why did you bother updating? Why is their a need?
Like it very much!.. You should install this app.
Ahh huh
Okii but has a few slow moments
Agree with Shelli. Too many updates and since the last update yesterday I can't open Facebook. Uninstalled and reinstalled.  Working now.
I like it
Love it
when i open the app on my galaxy 3 tablet it just closes either after a few seconds or when i try to scroll or do anything.
100+ mb so big i disliked 000 stop UPDATING plz
I love this app! Works great and I love that I can keep in contact with all my family and friends living so far away from each other and also love that I can post pics of my son and keep my family updated on his life!!! I would most definitely suggest this app to every Facebook lover like me that would benefit from a quick on the go Facebook experience no matter where you are.
It keeps freezing and making me force close almost every 5 minutes I get on it. Fix this. I have an lg optimus q this app needs to be smaller
Installed on my samsung tablet and crashes constantly.  Tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still isnt working.
too many updates no improvements whatsoever
Whenever a page is linked off a post, it reverts feeds between Top Stories and Most Recent, putting a clock in the right corner. Can you idiots get anything right with this app?
Bugs pliz fix... couldn't let me download
Nice nice I got to meet friends from all over and reunite with school friends who live all over
Auto video play option should be off by default. Please implement this.
Facebook is very nice
Since I uploaded the last update, Facebook no longer works and simply crashes when I open it.
Can't use it if it don't work...
Does not work on my galaxy 3 tab. Never stays open for more than 3 seconds
Ausom
FB is a Communication vehicle
Every time I open my facebook app I get a force close window when I select the wait option the app loads but takes a long time. I don't like the separate messenger app either.
I dont need both apps I barely use my facebook app anyways now i need 2 on my phone i might as well just log into it from my browser you assholes
Amazing!!
OK Ok
Ciayo nenk nyit
A little better (until the next update we don't need that will ruin it) but you guys still don't listen to the users so I'll break it down for you: - NO MORE SUB APP FOR MESSAGING, BRING IT BACK. - STILL TOO HEAVY, CUT THE CRAP SO IT TAKES LESS mb. - **PUT NEWFEED TO MOST RECENT BY DEFAULT, THAT'S WHAT WE WANT. ** And also you make it so we see who likes or comments on what but when the posts have a million comments we can't find our friends comments you desperately want us to know they made for some reason
Whenever i open some post it crash & go back to home & also when i wanted to do voice call it crash.. 
This is terrible the app keeps stopping and sending me back to home screen this needs fixing
Mad as he'll?
After exit the app it keep on running on background & my fon start to lag & a popup message seen on the screen in every 5mins Facebook is not responding wait or close
Too much space
It is way slower then it use to be an freezes way too much
Great app
It always has trouble loading my newsfeed and is always slow and takes too much storage.
Its amazing
Apps
You guys disabled my account, why? Wtf did I do? I lost all my friends and can't get them back man! I HATE YOU GUYS!
As soon as i open facebook it closes. I  getting so annoyed by it
Great
This sucks it won't let me post anything at all 
This app works perfectly fine on my Samsung phone but for the last month or so won't stay open on my Samsung tablet. I still get notifications but can't see any of them.  Been having to use either my phone or the website version on my tablet, which keeps telling me to download the app.
Why can't I open the app!!:\
klau kbhgian tu mbwa kta bhgia kta truskn
I recently downloaded the app in my tablet but every time i use it it shuts down at some point and i Uninstalled and install it again and it keeps doing the same. In my phone it works perfectly
Niceapp
I have updated and the chat still works, I don't need the messenger. Xperia SP Android 4.3.
hicham 3301
Its good
Works great it's a faster way to get to Facebook
All my post and updates say just now for the time its annoying!!!
CRAZY
Requires too much space & drains my battery like crazy. Please Facebook android team, fix this!
I'm here
I am a beautiful person. I have a great day
love it
Constantly having to update, and the app takes up too much space on my phone.
Will not access me to my friends request page and after the reinstall, it won't log me in at all saying there's an error.
Ok
Great app
stupid updates..!
I was on yesturday and now I cant download my games get on fb or nothing Please Fix
Good but is slow
Awesome
App always plays up. With unexpected areas causing it to force close every 3 mins
I love it .
While I'm scrolling down it freezes and shuts down!!!
works better now after the new update
I Love Facebook
i like  it..but  some times  it  not works....
It keeps saying "setting up facebook" and "just a moment" for more than 15 mins. and until now I can't enter fb.
Deleting it it sucks
The app does nothing more than freeze up after two frames. This is the second phone that this has happened to. I've submitted several reports. Please do something
bati
I can't imagine life without Facebook.
Muy bueno. Me gusta
Too many adds,  constant collection of all info on your phone, can not be shut down or turned off
Have to open it ever time I look at something different
For months now...even with updates...facebook crashes everytime i use it. Deleted...reinstalled...still shuts done everytime do anything...please correct
Whoopooo
Gue Ganteng
I like it
Social Media
It keeps crashing. Please fix it. I prefer the old version.
Firts time useing this
Weird
I shouldn't have to click on most recent every time I open the app. And I also shouldn't be seeing posts on my news feed from days ago either. Tired of getting on and seeing the same crap over and over again.
I like the face book friends
Everytime I log on,  it shuts me out and has a black screen when i go back in and try again. ... can't use at all. .  :(
Nice
plss fix
Good
Love it ta deth
Stop messing with "making facebook better" and just leave it alone!  Every update it gets worse!
Will not let me play my videos
i dong know how all you people like  fbi they did me  dirty  and  i dong care where  i have anu kord or not
Keeps wanting to down load all my contacts, NO! Wants me to log in from other apps, NO! Now it keeps force quitting. I use the app to keep up with birthdays and the occasional hi to distant family and friends. Fall back FB you want to much! I'll be removing this soon at this pace.
Are y'all not going to optimize this for tablets??
Takes forever to get in
So soon they will have improved to death
Love this app
D r
It takes up too much space on my phone and it's constantly running
Julisdi
Good
Have to update every 4 days. Why? What's the reason behind this?
Good
The new update for Facebook is really unstable. Ridiculously unresponsive until I uninstalled it. :-(
Add friends and set relation
Ok
Excellent
I love it
It's okay
It takes alot of space
No le doy five stars because le falta video llamada
Facebook seems to have a lot of activity even when you are not using it. It uses a good portion of my battery life even when I don't use it at all. It feels like it is monitoring what I do on my phone all the time. Scary!! I uninstalled it and I have now at least 20% more battery life.
I hate the fact i dont have a choice of viewing most recent for posts
Staty contacting with people easily n meet new people around the wrld..
This update is totally frustrating .. everytime I search or post reply it simply crushes
Wont work with my latest android version.
This app is crashing and locking up constantly.  It continues to lock up, without fail.  I don't know why you people can't get your act together.  There is absolutely no reason why, someone who makes as much money as you do, why you can't program an app that actually works. Purely pathetic.
download
Tired of being told facebook is shutting down the thing is I will not be on f/b.also I feel that the someone has invited me to play this or that game that I could say no onetime and that would be the end of it. Long ago you had an opt out of receiving anymore invites give us a option to never see any other apps of games.also If I do not agree to be a friend with anyone I should be able to say no and not get the same request over and over and over.PLEASE!!!!!
The best
God job
It takes up a lot of space try and make it a bit smaller
Links don't work
I can open it and look around, thats it if i try to post or look at anything other than my time line it crashes. So i removed and re-installed it to see if that works. Running Android 4.4.2 on a Samsung Galaxy Tab2 10.1
It just keeps  closing radomly
To many problems with this app!!!
*Auto close the movie while watching post movie when network unstable, solve it quickly please (Solved).and do not tell me what I am interesting , and do not show me friend's friend. Why keep repeat the post when scroll down?
Yup
Very nice
Looking for a tall good looking man on facebook to hook up with a tall short blonde hair blue eyes medium build to have a relationships
Its always updating. When does the updating will be done?
Facebook
kind of cute

Because it is cool
Love it
Works well
This App was great, but since the last update I can't access Facebook from the App. I unnistalled and try to install it back and it doesn't let me. And the few times it let me install it, I can't access it.! Hate using Facebook from the Browse, so please fix it.!!! Samsung Note 3...
Stupid. I try to comment on a pic the app closes, i try to scroll through my timeline and the app closes. Stupid and annoying
I love this app
T
Master of speed
Doesn't work that good but still like it.
Takes to much space
Loading page very slowly and connections problem
Verygood
Since the last update I can't post, look at comments or connect to friends who are not on my newsfeed without getting kicked out.  I uninstalled then reinstalled to my Samsung Galaxy but the problem got wotse.  I can see that other people are having the same problem, but I haven't seen an update to correct this.  I am ununstalling and will not reinstall.  Very disappointed.
Thanks
Can live without it
Keeps just randomly closing out
In take long time to start the app and acting weird since the update please fix it
This crap sucks. It force close and everything
As you're reading a post the app will suddenly skip all the way to the top of the news feed without warning. You have to then scroll down for ages to find your place again. Also, there is no order whatsoever to the news feed - old and recent news all mixed up. So frustrating! 
great
it keeps me updated with my friends and family :)
I cant even install it
The app closeson its own randomly. The older version didnt do this
ERROR 1675004 ON LOG IN...Cannot log in on app only. What is wrong with you Facebook?
Ummm my version of android is no longer supported really? Wow
When will there be an update that actually FUNCTIONS??? Better off using m.facebook it's more reliable!! Uninstalling before it wrecks my phone!!
download
Vehleya da oda time ni. Pass hona ehde NAL ho janda
Good
Superrrr love it.
I used to love the Facebook app. That is until they started requiring us to download a separate app for messaging. I realize that an app should do one thing and do it well, but this app already did that. I'm going to download a Facebook app, but my next one won't be from Facebook unless the app's intrinsic messaging is added back.
I thought it was just a refresh issue, but I've noticed that statuses through the app have not been posting. Posted through the browser and worked fine. Issue has lasted a few days.
Ever since the update I can't sync my contacts anymore! Can we fix this?
It doesn't let me sent messages
Hangers..
Updated today, but it won't stay open. It shuts down all the time. I uninstalled/reinstalled but it's the same. Need fix right away. Using a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 with Android 4.4.
my space....Facebook....instance
Everytime I open Facebook, it stays open for  about a minute, then it just closes bringing me to my homescreen.
Bloody app crash all d time on samsung galaxy tab! Fix it!
It wants to much information.  I do not like the messenger app that requires another download.
The shared section on Facebook does not work anymore it comes up to post the post not share it
Very fast
They fixed whatever problems with the app so i have adjusted my rating.
Yaser, yaser
Ever since the last update,  the app randomly closes. It doesnt lock and I can always just bring it back up. But its a pain to go all the way back to where I was. And nothing much has changed with these updates but the memory amount it takes up on my phone.....
It' to easy for anybody to hag into.It happend to me.there is no help if you have a problem they don't answer back.
You need to fix this problem because i can sometimes get past the log in only if i uninstall and install or if i factory reset my phone but other times it just stays with just a moment all the time and the memory just keeps going down when i log in and its really starting to get on my nerves
Needs to stop showing statuses from days ago and do it from your recent to least recent or atleast let you change it didn't need upgrading so don't know why they bothered touching it if its not broke don't fix it !!
Let me change the sort order to most recent instead of most popular. I don't live on this app, so I miss a lot because I keep seeing old stuff at the top of my page.
Bad
Love it
This isn't yet ready for Android L, while there is DP version already out, FB seems not interested to update it. On V4.4.4 also it doesn't fetch data, posts, photos etc just shows blank thumbnails, they don't get updated once scrolled up the news feed.
Love it
FB
Oh look another pointless update
Does not refresh!! Fix it!
It is okay it lock u out and hard to get back in this is not your password I had no problem before now nothing but problem please help
Im not able to access my links to read articles that are on the web. And I just uninstalled then installed it back because it would not update my news feed.
It's better than the old version
it keeps getting slower nowadays..
:)
This app every update it's come to use more and more of device ram and of course  this will make uncomfortable when device go to lag if I want to use multi apps
Since update not working
Goood
FB nice
Does not need so many.
I love facebook
Good
Won't let me up date so now I can't even get on
takes up way to much space And I don't always get my notifications
I logged off of my account on my mobile device about 2days ago and now I can't log back in keeps popping up as unknown error.
Yes
When i activate it or try to see something on facebook it takes me back to home scream and its anoying
Rajun
I congradulate whom ever is in charge! I've uninstalled reinsralled several times. This last time without facebook for over a week. Ad it has gotten worse. It appears the are three area of concern. One, Facebook initself. Two, the people responsible for this app. And thirdly,  the people who sell the devises that encourage the use of Facebook    .one would think someone other then the victems, who try to subcribe to Facebook would be upset, and see that this mess would be rectified.
Ok I just updated this app and its going really slow. Supposedly updating would help on "reliability and speed". Yeah not so much.... Its taking up a lot of space and going super slow. I regret updating it..
Comfort place
The best
Wen can't save our own uploaded pics. But we can download others..
Facebook can communicate between one in Egypt to one by china but i advice facebook to don't update many times one per month its good Also whatsapp is a good app. i advice you to install if you dont viber isn't good .  this is my opinion and thanks.     dear Abdelrahman Abdelgwad EGYPT CAIRO
Very good
v.good
Exelend
The app crashes as soon as i am scrolling down long into the news feed. The mobile browser version is much better than the app in all aspects.
Woow
So slow...
To much storage space.other than that its awesome
Mag ingat kau
Koneksi stabil dan lancar untuk yang lain,tapi knp untuk membuka wall loading sangat memakan waktu...fix it..
Gee still no fix for the Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 UNINSTALL AGAIN!!
Fb has gotten to the point of Conglomerate. Where mass dictates, and not the base of which it started from, and that was "Simplicity".
TO MUCH SPACE
Let's just say "its getting better"
Great app no complaints
Much better than it used to be
Madyan swat
Fantastic
mr
Great
Like
This app seems to update at least once a week and all it does is take up more memory space on my phone. None of the issues most of your customers want updated get fixed, but you'll keep taking up more and more space! Get it together!
Like this app
Ghey
Great app with some brilliant updates recently
I love Facebook
Why can't I get Internet on this phone
Good
facebook
It's great to talk to old friends you haven't seen in forever!
Facebook addiction
Facebook
Good to have
Pictures won't load
Moto G. Kit kat 4.4. Keyboard disappears when leaving comment's.
Rocky
It keeps taking off when you post or share something
It's useful to me.
It takes time to load tge notification...
I refuse to give up more of my liberty for convenience.  Bye Facebook
Won't open links I click on. Just opens a new tab with nothing on it.
Why why why FB have you messed it up. Keeps taking me back to top, that's when it stays open. Force closes all the time and is beyond frustrating. It's now officially c#!p FB. Might re install if you sort it. Get a grip!!
Things appear from hours ago in timeliness. Just put it all in order!
JUGSALAI Vidhan Shava
you
This doesn't work.  Everytime I open it & click on anything it closing. I am so over it. I have uninstalled it & installed 6 times. Please fix. Still not working.
This app is useless now my messenger app won't work. Now back to using the browser. Glad to see the back of it
Nice appe
Fb kicks me out as soon as I click on a remark or link after I did firmware update. It makes me mad
I am addict of F.B.
FB page keeps stopping when I read the newsfeed,  try posting or sharing something. Please resolve this issue
Keeps restarting on my galaxy tab
The veiled woman gets interviewed by a adult male which is forbidden by her own religion .
Yall haters gonna hate tgus application is dipp u can comment post message news feed stqtus update nothing us wrong with the app its u guys
Since the update Facebook stops working, stutters when I'm going through the news feed, and making comments and liking something causes it to freeze up.. Why do updates screw things up every time??
Takes up way too much space on my phone
Dont work in my tablet. Full of bugs. Dont allow to see my Wall, shut off by itself or send me to the begining etc etc etc¡­..
C null votre truc
N
App just closes after about a minute of use..fix it
Cool
I hate you Facebook! Why does this thing automatically refreshes when you're reading something?!?!
Im having to go and close it manually
Trying to post a video and it's gone through the Processing phase 4 times now, getting nearly done then resetting back to the start. 30 minutes to upload one short video is rubbish. The browser version is better, the only reason I downloaded this app was for this 1 video. Uninstalling.
y
Nanie suryanie
This site stinks want let u log in
Why the heck does this app KEEP syncing my phone contacts with my friendslist when I TURNED IT OFF???! I repeatedly keep turning it off & it's getting very annoying. FIX YOUR SETTINGS!!
Notifications very slow
Great & excellent
Its fine for me
Sanibel nepal
Exellent
But it takes a lot of space
Facebook needs to be fixed it keeps force closeing on me every time I get on it . Please fix it . Thats why I gave it one star
App works, need to use web browser for messages
I love it
WTF IT WONT STOP CRASHING FIX THIS!!!
Just love using this app
poor
Needs to have birthday notifications
This app is most useful but it is to large MB. When i going to download it is 19.28MB but when i use this app it is going 38 MB to 77.18 MB. So when i open my fb than my mobil storge need to free spece. And hang my mbl any time. I need this app will new and small kb. Not like mb.
Whenever I go to a page, it shuts itself down. This is really annoying, and I keep hearing about these privacy violations. Considering uninstalling it soon enough.
Itso appso noto bado.
Good app but notifications are slow.

When playing a video every time you touch the screen it start/pauses. It should let us bring up the video bar without pausing it
Facebook devs, I have both Group Alerts and Comment alerts disabled, yet I consistently get Group comment notifications on my S4, but not from my friends (which is actually correct behavior, though the groups should behave the same.) Is there at least a workaround for this bug?
Its gud one. I hope the updated version vl solve the problems of the ppl who commented...
People read the app info. Your basically letting Facebook take over your phone. Don't trust facebook!!.
V. V .good
Roy
Crashed few times during a day always when tried open external links :/
Its the best but it starts a lot of mess
Was great till the latest update. Now every time I click on a post or try to go to comment it shuts it down. Have uninstalled and reinstalled. Problem not solved. Very frustrating.  Cannot read or post to friends 
Im glad to have this cause this is the only way to contact some of my friends
Love it
Totally totally totally sucks. The greatest suck of all time! The champion of suck! The king of suck! Ok u probably get it by now.
How many times does it need to be updated????????

Web
App is no longer convenient now that messenger is separate. Plus, this app I notice it uses a lot of battery power. Even when I use a task killer to save power, it comes back on. App should stay off officially when we dont want it. Updating review to 2 stars cause this app is starting to take too much space. Make this sd card compatible and ill update review to 5 stars. With all the money fb makes, they should be able to do this.
APP SUCKS!!!! CANT USE MY 4G TO WORK, BUT MY BROWSER WORKS FINE USING IT? COMPLETE TRASH
App is good all except for it freezes up a lot and makes my phone freeze also so I'm constantly having to turn my phone off and back on...ANNOYING!!
I never get to open my Facebook fix it pls!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love it
Still sucks!! Keeps bumping me off and yes its up to date!! Fix it!!!
Now even slower and less responsive ever! Please optimize for older devices!!!!!!
Update before this last one made my samsung g3 not able to share or post. The last update rendered the entire application useless, it closes as soon as it is opened.  Not able to view posts, play games or anything. Totally useless, this is progress?
I luved it a lot. It iz awesome.
faster network
M
Love it
Bug app
I DO NOT WANT MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS SYNCHRONIZED TO MY PHONE, when I initiate the "Do Not Synch" it resynch's whenever I reboot my phone. Fix ASAP
Ok
Hey you retards of the Facebook, when do you allow us to read group posts with most recent first? Anyone who rates this with more than 3 stars is a clueless idiot.
I have a moto x and it's slow... Also a separate messenger app?  Really?
This is not a Chrome problem. It is just Facebook. I have to keep uninstalling. It's very annoying.
I am trying to upload 35 pic on a new album. I select all the pic I want on it and start tagging people it just will randomly go back to my news feed and I have to start over. Iv tried literally 10 times. It's making me mad. Please fix this. I thought the current update would fix it. But it doesn't
This current version of Facebook is a mess. Could you create categories for viewing such as friends or likes. Would make things easier and I wouldn't have to rely on Google+ for this.
ONLY  JESUS  CAN CHANGE  ANY  ONCE  HEART.....
Mmmmmm
Miss rasi perera
Comentarios just bad, second  app idea sucks
The live become yery easy by these app.many thanks for  all over who share on this job
Better than before
After every update I've done it still runs in back ground Even with all notifications off!  Thinking about deleting
After updates my app doesn't load the pics help facebook
I am unable to play videos for a while now due to an error...I have tried everything but this problem could not resolved plz resolve this quickly...
it is verey heavy  i hate it
It will just stop and shut off since I updated it. And won't update.
Too many crashes
Posible respect
goood
I cant seem to get mine to stay on it comes on then rite back off
The fb app forces you to install another app
Patty
12344321
For the past 6 month i haven't been able to watch a video with sound.. i ether see the image or i listen to the sound. And since messenger came out, i can't even message my friends from the facebook app. I need the new messenger app that overides my anti virus app locking ability..
Love it
Sabug
good
Not smoother & auto error.
NOTE3  by Samsung
Simple n fast
Ths is shit
Keeps saying my session has expired and I'm logged out but I'm not logged out. Are you retarded? I'm still logged in! Also, I Hate having to download messenger to communicate. And finally, i Want most recent as default. This app is getting worse if that's even possible cause it's so bad to start with!
are niste erori.merge greu.se blocheaza .
Only problems I ever experience with this app occur when I haven't downloaded the latest updates. Otherwise, works fine and I am happy with it.
[[f9.angry]]
Just HATE it .
How can somebody like the name I've given tell facebook that a picture of yourself with your shirt off is nudity. He's just mad I'm bigger than him. Hate facebooks stupid staff taking away my pics...
Always says error and makes me close app annoying
Why did Fb synchronize all my contacts to my phone ?  I did't want this option and this auto update where you can't un check it sucks
social
Good softwear
I enjoy using Facebook so I can keep in contact with my Friends & Family.
FACEBOOK
Fun
The app takes over 300mb from just app data and other garbage and please get rid of messenger its just a waste of space
Don't bad :-)
Facbook
Very slow reply
It's very nice
Rajendra  mgm
Its helps you easy access to Facebook
When i open the app and i click something ist close
Facebook
I can access my fb app I uninstall and reinstall still d same wat is happening pls do some tin
Navigation within the app is annoying. It's a waste of space on everyone's phone. Apple app version is better.
Monster
Nice
Everything is awesome
Why the f**k it consumes too much ram? Do something for ram stability.
Just ok but sometimes Facebook just don't wanna allow me to stay online...they tell me error Ipd
Die beste seite
its amazing i love this app there's completely nothing wrong with it
I like cheese when I'm hungry. Why Facebook don't want to give me some cookies?
Please sort it out.Says wait a moment then shutsdown.
Of course this came preloaded on my phone but I finally decided to use it and upgrade and while slow compared to the desktop website on my phone it was ok but 8hours after updating I now can't read or send messages with it. This should be called Facebook lite or Facebook half since you need to download another huge app that also demands every permission possible on your phone to actually use all of the Facebook features.
I hate all the constant updates and I really hate that I can't save it to my SD card. And I triple hate that I have to have the messenger app that I don't want.
Very faine
Very gud communication
Awesome App
It wont stay on 4 long under 30 sec whats wrong
Sab to bekar
Can I download
Facebook
Life pure L me miljati FB karne k bad bgn
I was wrong for what happened to cone into my Facebook I am sorry but I would like to have it back. That want happen again
bad one
Valo
Can't get enough of it..
Its too slow even upon updating
It is ok
Fb updated today...now it keeps crashing.
app ii..
Great Application
The game request are ridiculous.
§¥§ß§à
The app keeps getting bigger and bigger and slower and slower all with reduced functionality. It often stops responding TWICE before it will open initially, and then again if I return from following a link (e.g. a shared URL). Devs need to remember how to optimise their code, or risk alienating users who don't have the latest-and-greatest. Unacceptable.
Images are not loading while scrolling over news feed... I have a good speed for my WiFi and also I using 3g but after the previous update, I am facing trouble in loading images while scroll down. It takes more time to load. And the latest update drains more battery!
Instagram is also pretty good. I like them both
it's great
I m loving it
preparation for ias
Time paaasss
Khmer
Need some interesting thing's, like new design & much more
every time I open my fb it always say still setting up every time it gets updated can u fix this I'll give u five stars if u fix this thank u
Better than nothing...
It's getting better, the old versions had lots of bugs
Download
Old feeds are not loaded. Feed sorting messed-up, to get it ordered by time you need to go to a "secret" menu, usability what an utopia. Back button behavior inconsistent. Reading messages requires a separate application.
Beniwal
Loved it
Menatheril kkarude abhivadanangal
I don't like new feeds option , can't see the posts of the many pages and friends !!
Well...this app is now forcing to install messenger.. then only I can view my messages.. I have limited messaging so why should I install the app n waste my space. What the hell the app is forcing?? I may not give even one star!!! Moreover after update the app is misbehaving.
When I press the comment button it  stops and sends me back to the desktop on my Samsung Tab? FIX IT!
Imran khan Khan
Its good except it uses too much data in unison with the messenger
Like
Connecting people beyond colour, country ,language and religion with the pebbles of love and friendship
Chhiiiii........
Excellent
Usually it's good but lately my news feed hasn't been loading what so ever, it's getting really annoying now sort it out please !
Nice
So I get my phone and it already has Facebook on it which is good but then this update comes and takes away Facebook so I go to download it but is doesn't let me!!!!!
Lumayan......
56606866

Hi
Myself
Constant crashes and causes my phone to freeze.
I want it this way
Was able to connect with my friends
My app keeps force closing, freezing, and not pulling up my keyboard. I don't understand if there was an update that stated this or what but pear fix.
Nice application
Good
Whatever happened to the 'Most Recent' tab showing you the most recent posts? IN THE ORDER THEY WERE POSTED! Sick of seeing posts from two days ago, because Facebook thinks it knows what I want better than I do. I know for fact I miss out on loads of posts because other, older posts are put on my timeline instead.
Every time I try to log in it tells me no response would you like to wait . The old Facebook update was better.
Crashes all the time, not worth the download
Fb is NOT working properly
I like the new upgrade but sometimes when I click on a picture to bigscreen it I can't exit so I have to close the app :/
Veri Nice
Everybody seems to be hating this app :D
B
It dosent even open i have reinstalled it like 15-20 times but it still dosent work
Loving  with  great  connection
Dis app is awesome guys,real amazing,death n seriously inlove wth it
I loved
Great App
Un able to opn news feed ..after updated
This app keeps freezing up and won't shut down. Most of the time I can't comment on things or upload anything. Also, it keeps automatically syncing my photos and filling up my phone! Ridiculous!!
:)
So I rate it a 1
PerfeitoO!!!!"
Love that contact with family and friends...
Updated Facebook, shouldn't have bothered!!! Wont let me login wont accept my DOB even sent other ID also, uninstalled and reinstalled app. Lost everything!! So Facebook if you have any suggestions????
Oh yes we hat this
Awesome
I only see one news feed
Application is so unbelievable it keeps freezing and then shuts itself off with out me pressing anything
I love it, just one thing. What do you need messenger for if you have Facebook?
Good
Download facebook
Good
Liked
Love it
Mohammad Abdul mubeen
Facebook pls help me to change my Facebook name ASAP pls ibeg you
ºÍ
The uptade maked the app suck
You'll never get more than 1 star from me until the messanger app goes from being a requirement to an option!
always crush on my phone force close not responding eww wtf are doing in this apps
Nice
Crap
Incredble
Ilove face book
Very good apps.....
It takes a long time to load videos, and pics. It gets on my nerbs.
After sign in a blank screen appears always....uninstalling :(
PLEASE FIX.  I uninstalled and reinstalled with no improvement. What's up? ?!!  Galaxy 3 Tablet
Ever since I' ve done the update I cannot log in to FB!!! Nobody can help me!!!!
This is complicated than i thought..take a large mb..many more problme..it's hard to say..just read the audience comment..please fix it..
Perfect
It takes too much battery life
i cannot without this
Fan page
Bad
Cannot stop notifications if you comment on someone's post leaving you with countless notifications all day.  Cannot customize the audience 4 ur post beyond large pre-built list.  Want to post something 4 a few friends by name?  U cant.
Scrolling through fb disappears.Can only see 4 or 5 posts. Started about 2 months ago. Please fix
Sssssssssssssssssssssssuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuppeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrr tttttttttttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeee!
I think this is a very good app. I haven't had any problems with it and I like the updates. I like this better than getting on Facebook with Google chrome.
Too slow
Ok
patan980
Too much garbage ADDS ON FB
1.- I click on a page or something and Facebook shuts down.     2.- Is it possible to select an option "I don't want to see X people I might know?"... think about it.  If Facebook suggests me all the time the same persons, and I don't send them an invitation,  may be is cause I don't wanna see that @/$¡Â=#$... so please,  stop suggesting people we don't invite never, even if Facebook suggests all the time.
very good
Itz too cool app
QMobile Z4
Nice
It's  a great
Nice to find friends
Nice
Nilesh
This update won't play the video. It plays for abt 10 secs n then it freezes. it says "error cannot play video". Though it does play when I'm scrolling the newsfeed, however, it has no audio. Several other minor bugs here n there. Plz fix it.Running it on htc sensation xe with beats audio.
Loved it
Good
Skuyo
Good and i like it
I m loving it.
I have a jelly been android and this version is not open, if so cracks all the time
Its not bad.
Nice
Very very amusing.
Good app :D..
Could you make it quit scrolling up out of no where? Its really annoying. If I want it to scroll up I will hit the new posts button or simply scroll up. Thad be great....
Good
Extravagant, busy, and a well visited site............
Download
It keeps me in touch wit friends and family
It is a nice app but it takes time to open posts or to show images.. one more thing you must add in this app is the feature to COPY TEXT from post etc.. Linke if we like some post and want to share it on Whatsapp or sms, we cant copy text or content.. this is not done.. plzz update n add this..
Samsung galexy note. Just updated this app... now I'm getting blank fb pages (not loading) & I hope my whole phone isn't as slow as this app has become!!!
ALWAYS NOT WORKING! I often use fb through browser instead of this app. Sucks!
Social
WHEN U GUYS GOING FIX FACEBOOK,  EVERYTIME I CLICK ON IT OR ANYTHING IT KEEPS KICKING ME OUT OR SHUT DOWN, ITS BEEN DOING IT FOR MONTHS N NO ONE DOING NOTHING
Can't upload my status or any pic eeverytime it just force closes
Wtf??? Slow and freezes phone. Samsung galaxy centura. I keep notifying fb. Sick of problems w fb!!!
It wont load!!! Myspace is just way better!!!
The new update SUCKS !! My notifications dont sync and , it opens a story like a basic cached copy of a webpage 
Best application
Sooooooo nice
This app worked great until the last update..it crashes more than it works..please fix
tamam
Gudyyy apppp
The videos load very slowly and keeps stopping
Very f9
Why is it suddenly staying running in the background? When I used to press the back button it would end the process. Now it stays running using almost 200 MB of RAM.
Love it
I have the new ASUS PADFONE.  (Which sux btw)
Facebook.
Every time I want to load the news feed, look at comments, pictures, or anything at all I need to shut down the app and reopen it, just for it to still not work. Facebook is getting worse everyday.
I hate this update to Facebook you screwed up with my Samsung tab
It started and then simply disappeared. No longer. I tried reinstalling it with the same result but now that has been cured. Well done and thank you
Animesh shedge
Good if used in right way
Super
Download error. What the hell
Slow
All these passwords mess a person up
Clicks off during use constantly
Wowo
Used to be able to back out of app then go back and have a refreshed messenger list. Now I have to force close to get it to refresh.
Hafeez
It is  very useful application to get friends
Gud
After the last update, my Facebook app became unstable. Scrolling down news feed, sharing an article, playing a video all sometimes will lead to Facebook killing itself without warning
You are The best
Sloww loading try to put fast in 2g intrrnrt as per 3g
It would be better if it didn't take up eighty percent of memory on my phone.
Nice Kalair is like it
Happy Again. .
I don't want sherry sherry
My Facebook chose a foreign language on its on so I called straight talk.it took them two hours to uninstall and reinstall face book. Now I can't put my address or password in so I am still Facebook less. It took me 1hour to understand what she was saying I am very unhappy.
I have had this app for 3 yrs...but lately, it keeps 'force closing' after a couple of minutes ...very irritating to use..thanks a lot facebook!
Best app
Tahiratanvrrt
Fake app
Worst update ever for samsung galaxy tabs
It won't even bring up the screen. It just remains on the loading screen.
Nice app
Loving my new fb app!
So nice Application  so Amazing
Everyday this version require updates :-/
Great app. :)
I'm uninstalling! This us horrible it won't even open!
Install facebook
Five star
Problem with signing in after logging off, have to repeat time and again ....Please fix it
I cant see all post from all pages i liked .
This app makes you not even want to use Facebook. Timeline barely shows you what you're supposed to see.. you'll see the same people's statuses over and over on the TL.. save yourself some space on your phone and just use Facebook from the Web browser
Paara
Aaj Facebook Bina life adhuri hai..  My favorite
it's really good
Ilove this app
Always king if social networkz
Thanks for all
Its loading so slow.Photos didn't load
Great App
Facebook is closing on me every time I login!
Vijhay
Pls fix this crap the app obviously is crappy
The new update SUCKS!!! It use to pop up when I had new messages but now nothing I'm constantly checking it
The app sucks...no feed updates
They are  still forcing me to download the useless messenger!
My nook with android chip (jelly bean 4.2) became very sluggish seems everything now slower. No point to this just use browser conventionally. Uninstalled.
Links no longer work. You click a long and it just opens a blank browser window. Why is it so difficult to put out an app that works?
Like it
not giving good response
Amazing!
Please make it fast ...
Very good
It doesn't support
Good app :D..
Good
Well
Broken. Crashes frequently on Galaxy Tab3.
Not tat creative!!!
very nice
nexus 5 is tomach consume my battery. then my background applications always running. how to stop. three time I restart my mobile but I cant stop this. some apps two or three process and services is running. my battery three to four hours only come. My Facebook also 14% accufied. I can't believe. something wrong. good reply send my mail id and video download must be added
useful to remain update
Haaaiii
Awesome

dude why over 30mb? this app literally takes over my phone!
I cannot sync just the existing contact info into my contact app.. The option locked to "sync all" or not syncing at all
Grate
Please add an video download option too for next version
Nice
Nice
Get it
poor fb the app only gets stucked all tym nothing seems to work thn uninstall nd reinstall
Verry good software
Keeps saying session expired please log out, but doesn't let me log out or log in. What's going on!
Rasta
Nice
I can't even open it.
Love it
I like it
It occupies about 70mb of my phone! Please reduce the size to 5-20mb
I want to find post in group as same as in normal website.thank you
(S4, ver.4.2 JB & SDuos, ver.4.0, ICS)
Ok
Facebook
I love fb
Thanks
Nice
I love this apps
The update brought it down. Cannot add ur friends in status... Took hell lot time but no results. Previous was better!!!
Its lagging to much
By Ravi shankar
Facebook
Forces you to download messenger which then uses all your ram
The upgrade has been awesome. All d features on web version is now available here.
Great in wifi only.
Social worker
Ok
I put my number so I can see the notifications in my phone and I don't have it . It freezes too much .	Fix Itt
Pathetic, app just closes by itself
Y
I got my friends back
Cant share like or comment if i update it auto syncs everything facebook must be the dumbest media site
Thanks
Not good already so slow to.change account
Boring
Awesome
Very good
Awesome

Facebook
Goods
... are driving me crazy. These posts don't show up as a notification in the browser so why would you deem them important enough to notify me on my phone?
Nooralam abha
ReAlly works good..
Cool and easy to handle
Im trying to get Facebook downloaded but it doesnt work
Ayush
Nice
Since about three or so months ago, the FB Android app has been very buggy. More often than not, when I go to open the app it hangs on a blank white screen and never opens (and it's not my phone bc I have a Samsung Galaxy S5) so I have to close it and ("attempt") to reopen it. Occasionally, it just won't open at all and I have to go to the mobile website.
What must l put here?
god aap but slow working
987654321
Good
Nice
Awesome
I need my camera not to be hacked so I can use my snapchat
Go go go fb!
..very useful..
Like
Facebook app- 45 mb messenger -46mb, means about one/ tenth of ram for Facebook in mobile with 1gb ram... In my previous mobile which had 768mb ram, I never installed even single one
This app stinks... to many problems like downloading pics and tagging people... come on and fix this app so more people will enjoy it more.. plus invading peoples privacy is just wrong and you at facebook know it shouldnt be done. Get your act together... a multi billion dollor company and you at fb cant even get a app rite.. smh
We will see didn't like the new up dated model on my phone galaxy s4 to many buttons to push to post
Goood
X
Since the last update, no photos or videos will load when I'm connected to Wi-Fi. Works fine on 4G. All other apps work fine on Wi-Fi. Very frustrating.
Never wanted the app but it was on my tablet when I got my tablet and anyway I can't have it because I am only 8years old
Freezes and crashes at least twice a day.
Superb
Does not work closing again and again
Good app
It not play any video on my news feed but in other browser play's it

Next step would be good to remove the messages and leave only faces.
Good .. but not much
Its working very slowly.I think chrome or Mozilla is better.
Thanks to face book
I like it
Good!
nice
Its ok but some times it becomes very slow
Mamuna
Love
Facebook keeps closing down on me & it's getting annoying
F b
I love it
Honey
No more access to my photo folders, bye bye Facebook on my phone !
its cause my phone was logger
I downloaded the app and every time is about done it restarts!
Very very fine
One of my few must have apps!
Zbrdst
woooooo
Facebook takes much long time to launch its app.usually I have to wait for more than two minutes to be functional facebook completely.Oftenely it hangs
This version eating too much memory of my phone
Mantabz
Rajesh narng
Not happy at all
Facebook suppose to seen me  code through text but not receive it
nic app....
Boss
Too many problems old version was better many malfunctions
Cool
Please fix it as it won't work properly keeps saying somethings wrong please try again
Removing a feature for no reason at all, shocking.
I like it
Hello friends this is a  aashiqana app
I like it but i doesn't responding
Stop trying so hard for me to sync my contacts lol. It's NEVER EVER EVER going to happen period end of story.
It turns off by itself! Very frustrating.
Awesome
It consume alot of space in my Galaxy Grand 2 Internal memory, make it movable to SD so that I can give you perfect Five Star rate.
Social network my family found me with
Goooooood
I have been experiencing a very strange problem lately. Normally, I would give 5 stars, but I think this issue should be fixed. Pics are just not showing and instead of seeing the pic, I see only white square with reload/refresh icon/button in the middle. When pressed it simply doesnt reload the picture. And this happens almost all the time. Please fix it or give a proper solution.
Please please get rid of "top stories"  I don't know a single person who doesn't want to see the most recent post first!
When i turn on fb ,ot can,t responding wh?
It has improved its quality a lot I like it.....
Ever since the new update has been released couple of days ago it crashes my fb on android so i removed it and installing it back. just to find out that it's always giving me error message on installing so right till now i cant get facebook to be installed on my android. Please fix this issue.thanx
I like it
BUY FELICIA
The news feed auto refreshes and goes back to top of news feed while scrolling through it is really annoying that I have to scroll back through stuff I've already looked at to get back to were I was
Nice
Delete or disable. Then use your search engine like you would on a pc .then they have no access to your sms,camera,contacts or anything else
Excellent !!!
Fine
I can't add ANY kind of status update, it keeps exiting the app as soon as I start typing. Please fix soon.
Super...........yar.....
Tanoli23
Nice app
Very poor
Very slowwww
When I open the app, it loads for a few seconds then it closes on me I thought at first it was my phone but Facebook app its the only app that does that.. Please fix!!! For now I'm uninstalling til its fixed..
It's much better and smooth than my expectation... 
Keeps crashing,very slow this last week
I used it more time and I it
22445566
Its still running in the background after i exit. Check it in the active apps n there it is. Fix please!
Great app
Super cool
Good app
Best app
Yeah
I've
FB can be argumentively intuitive.
Please fix a bug if select a pic. And post into groups, but I can't
I Love it
It is really annoying that when it is already updated to the new version the app still has problems! I had to wait for 10-20mins to get logged in to my account!! Whats worse?? Sometimes i can't even log in for a whole day!! Fix this please!!
The latest version is not good enough
Facebook wants access to too much of my personal information!
M
Very very Bad app han es sy Axha tu browsers e han bAkwAs
Yes
Ilikeitttttt
Cant put likes at all, and takes too long to refresh!
Every time I press message it suddenly force close.
yeah
I love it
Bleh dpan kwan2 , msj, dan bleh ltak pic selfi kt facebook. ...., walauweh.. ~v[-_-]v~
Any app connected to Facebook is not opening and even Facebook does not respond sometimes
Good
Lofty Home Studio
Miles away from Google plus. Improve at least the design. Buggy, pics don't load fast.
Brilliant

Love you
Yoon gyuri
Super
Always log out by itself...
Zahi
Is. Very good. to be rich. But is hard to control
Randomly closes
Loved it
ok
Abu
Bad
The speed is what I like about it !
Its realy veery nice
Another nice social media kudos fb  people
what nonsense !!
Loveit
Ainsir
selalu jem
no. 1
What else .? Facebook is the one. Btw I hate people sending me nonsense game request s
My phone slow work when i us this aap
Needs more privacy, should be able to hit one button and lock pictures to private, anytime you want too, not just when you fix the ablum, fix that I give a 5 star  thanks
V v v v v v lazy.
suck
:)
Maddy is happy ....................... hahahahahahahahahaha
Well on my phone fb works superb u all should try it too
Love this app so much
It won't let me message anyone it is already like about 73 mb and my phone doesn't has that much storage for installing the messenger.
I love it
Mohamed
Gud
Is good all time?
Good

After upgrades very slow.
every month we have  to update shittttt
But why cnt I save fotos from it..
Prachi khare
Ok
Need to improve
Very hard to see most recent news.
Help us to find from all over the world
ok
Its kool
Nice
As a Samsung galaxy tab 3 user this new update is completely unusable.  It crashes all the time! How can I find the 3.5 Version to install?   Please get this fixed,  another unhappy camper
G0od idea !!!
Best
VERY GOOD
Messenger excluded - 2 stars lost
jhgf
My time is off by 3 hrs.
Thanks
Helish
Ismail Thikkodi
I like Facebook, and this app does a great job at keeping you connected. The only problem is that after going though your News Feed and then refreshing by swiping down, sometime your likes don't save locally (although they are registered with the web version if you logged in on a computer). They only way to fix it is to log out and log back in; sometimes this gets annoying. Otherwise, though, this app is working perfectly!
This app is now loosing up. It had started acting wierd
Facebook
Tall black handsome man
I like it
Nice
the updated versions soooo sloowww.... its trying to open like forever!
I didn't download l the fb messenger app and I don't want too.. but the fb icon forever indicate "1" to remind me to install .
Awesome app...love it
Love it
I'm no longer receiving my notifications, it says I have them, but when I go to look at them there is nothing there, I have checked my settings and everything is set correctly, very annoying, please fix the issue!
Awesome
I just did the update, and the app wonr open.
Please fix it
I love FB buu for some reason i can't get my notifications from Family and Friends to stay on to read I'll have to get one of my Daughterinlaw s to help me bear with me .Thank You
Bad
Itx jst awesome
Ever since recent updates, this uses an incredible amount of memory and DESTROYS your battery!! Battery won't even charge unless I force close this app. Was even notified by 'clean memory app' of this, but already knew it.
Since the last update I can't add pictures to my group via the app it just freezes
This app keeps closing while in use
:)
Freezes
oonoo
Nice one
awesome
bring back the old version
I see no reason for u to have access to my mic and call logs and camera and other things the only reason I have this app is cause of my page it helps with the page manager
Its taking a life time to work properly. If there was a choice rating zero stars I would choose the that.
Wow... It's good  Very nice ?
Awesome n marvelous
average
Tp
I can't see my inbox, whenever I go to the messages tab it shows download messenger for free & there is no options for later.
Awesome Convenience
facebook
Makes every device run worse, log out when not in use
problem with opening. All the times.
Update is very slow
Director/ Writer/Actor
Good app
iSpeakFacebook :-)
Can't use, still loading and then force close.
Nice
Very helpful
I love it.
download
Ghanta jasto
It always hang!
np
Agar kta tdk mremehkan org lain
This app close when i open.why?
My girlfriend and I are still enjoying our time today playing this game, she's going to join my friend and chat about it.its so intense love it
Pakau aop
Everytime i open on my Samsung galaxy tablet it times out whenever i touch something on screen....happened ever since last update
Stupid app
Trying it again. Has been draining my battery at an unbelievable rate so I Uninstalled. Factory reset my phone.  Wish me luck.
I love Facebook, it keeps me updated but wen we text anybody n if we want to delete multiple selection is not there..Either i delete the whole conversation or one by one. please update dat in ur next version..
Coders have done a terrible job here. Much to be improved...
Nice
freind
Just updated, now won't open at all :-(
I have a problem .the pictures are not loading .a part of them are working bat a part aren't ...witch is the problem .
It is dam cool app
NICE
It's a lot of fun to play
Stop forcing us to install the Msssenger app.
Super
Doesn't work man
Fine
Not working an old version device
Rajesh
Adv

Loading
Awsomee
Hanging with my friends
5 star
uuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
it won't work anymore. always crashing during start up.
º×ã¤·¤Æmass£¡
crash crash crash FB why why why what awful feature have u added now that is killing our phones?
It randomly decides to close on its own every time I open it.
Its better
Really like a facebooks.
Permissions it needs...
Awesome
This app used to work great on my tablet and phone. Works fine on the phone but I'm having issues on my Samsung Galaxy 3 10.1" tablet. It crashes all the time. Constantly. It doesn't matter if I'm scrolling down my news feed, if I click the comment button, if I click to view a picture, if I click to open someone's profile - it crashes regardless. The app is completely unusable on my tablet. It's becoming troublesome to the point that I'm ready to just be done with Facebook altogether, since I primarily would use it on my tablet. I have tried uninstall/restart/reinstall. I've also tried clearing cache and app files. Couldn't find a way to detailed report this problem so I have to leave it here in these comments. Would be 5 star if not for this issue.
But why I must download the messenger too, its just suck my space and performance..
Every time when i open facebook it takes upto 2-3minutes then it doesnt respond...fb do this for 3-4 times then it open pls..fix
Just showing "setting up.. please wait." on startup.Then, close itself
Good
Becaus the MB/SD CaRD is high please do
But when i can comment with video
Wahever
Hggggggggggggggggggg
Everytime I scroll through my notifications it shuts down. It only stays connected for two seconds.  I'll just use my laptop or phone.  Which is sad because I use my tablet a lot more.
It used to be bad but now for me its great.... Dont know why others are facing problems
Its really amazing wen u try to use ths app u wl enjoy evry corner of it so gv it a try n hv fun!!!
ILove it
Pls don't forced us to install messengers its really annoying
Kabir
Since the update it keeps closing every time I open the app Galaxy S5
Face book
I can't even open it .. It takes FOREVER for me to open dis application .. I prefer to browse itnin my browser ..  Grrrrrrr
.
Jp
This app has gone downhill since I first started using it. Im close to just all uninstalling the app and deleting my acount all together. Get the hint facebook, We Are Pi$$ed.
Very good....
I slow
Mast

Amazing to see what people think or what they think the world should see or know or what they think is funny that the world might also think is funny so its a amazing app to have hope u found this comment helpful
I DO NOT WANT THE FACEBOOK MESSENGER APP. Im giving one star until you stop asking me!!!!!!! When you stop asking ill give 5 stars
Pls. Add the  feature. who view profile
It just stopped working. It didn't want to connect thus it didn't upload newsfeed or anything else. I then uninstalled it. I downloaded it again and now it's not letting me log in. Once again a connection problem.
It's slow in freezes all the time and eats your data with the play auto videos
Very good app hard to see anything wrong with it
thanks for this wonderful application
Great
Love it..........
Loved it
But then everyone is forced to use it  because this is where people communicate. Oh well.
Sometimes its logging....
The more it updates the worst it gets
My all friendsinu Namaskaram
All it does is instantly force closes EVERTIME i try to open it. I've tried uninstalling updates and uninstalling the entire app and re downloading and it still does the same thing.
Relationship
Bolehlah
facebook
lvable
New feed photos doesn't load. Also the photos in the folders dont completely load either.
Good
thanks
Great
Will
This app is a hog and a battery drainer! Uses way to much RAM and now we have to have two seperate apps running (facebook and chat) which uses even more. Its like they dont listen or do the opposite of what users are saying. Its soo laggy right now and my phone has a quad core processor and three gigs of RAM. What gives?
allah is the gerate
Keeps freezing as I scroll, post a status, or comment; and then kicks me out continuously.
It keeps shutting down!I
Thanks
I seem to wast my time being sent back to the top when new stories arrive, if and when I want to read them I will of my own free will. Please developers this is not a helpfull feature and demineshes my FB experience.    I, like the rest of the world have become addicted but, I  am seriously considering DELETING Facebook from my phone even though I  am aware I  will miss out and may have to actually talking to family and friends to find out what is happening, rather than just look at Facebook.nlo
I love it.. But sometimes.. It doesn't work..  FACEBOOK ERROR
kumar
When I log out my f.b. And  sign in again.. it error i can't open my account.. I turn off my cellphone before I can sign in...
making faggot in case of uploading pics
It has made handset very slow.
Won't work said by the others? Please check your connection.
No update
ang hirap mag d0wnload
Need to clear data before I can install other apps.
guddddd
M
Communication
Nazim Kharal
The features are very nice please Trust me it's amazing! !@@mast hai please try it would be great help to those pages of people
Hi FB dev team.. I have problem to lodge. Certainly. Every time I open the app, it always crushing. The new update seems not applicable to my kitkat adroid os version. Kindly check. Thank you.
I can't add movies I've watched or TV shows I've watched. It bugs me that the app has a "feature" to allow me to edit these lists, but it doesn't work. The app also seems to run slow at times.
Good
This app is so slow.Every time I use this its not working!Fix it!
Everyone luvs FB
Now my status updates do not default to my own timeline but the last one I posted to so the whole town seeing personal updates. Get a grip, morons
Facebook

Argan
I l u
It is cool and fine
Try it to download now..
But some options like in the pic are missing
Bindass
k
Its rocking it works very fast
Every time I open the app it goes back to the home screen it's annoying
It's ok But it won't let me link my phone
Everywhere I go that isn't the newsfeed says unsecure location.  Sick of it. I can't even go to help page
Wow
massenger
Fantastic
Works well no lags
I gave it three stars because i open it it  it closes again please fix it
Nice
U dun knw
Ilove it this appp
Samira Mohammed
I love and  I like this app
Good
Please improve its speed for 512mb ram
Super
Links do not launch in chrome since last update.
I cant seem to open it. Just the blue facebook screen then nothing. Can you fix this?
Yes, I have an older phone which probably can't keep up with all the crappy features announced but never experienced. How about optimizing the code a bit to... make it work?
doesn't stay active for any more than 10 seconds on my galaxytab3.
Y
good ;)
Love this site
Google+
But it can be best if u provide a speed mode in app setting.i.e lite version for faster to use in 2G mode...coz right now its slow or too slow in 2G mode when 3G is not available. So please add that speed mode setting in next update.i'll be eager to see that.thank you!
Because it syncs photo of you personally and my life photos, also shows my credit card and sync my real number how can I just msg friends without having to download it
Excellent!!!
Almost unusable now with constant network errors.
Solanki
Ooh SCOTTY!!
I dont know why..but when i touch to open it...,the app is become black and nothing event if i waiting for a few minutes.It still same!!Please fix the problem cause i love this app exactly.,but it make me so dissappointed!!
5
we cant Make video calls!
Sema app guys
Facebook app is ok..but messenger app isnt compatible with bluetooth headset when in a call.
Facebook
A lot of bug!!!
No problems
I still hate the app. I use it minimally because it helps me keep in contact with friends and family. I would rather have a MySpace account again at this point. No privacy rights. FYI after each update - check your privacy settings!
I don't care about facebooks choice of "top stories", why can't it just stay with most recent items first. I have to change this in settings every time I open the app. Plus Facebook seems to not show posts from the people I'm close to in my timeline. Annoying. Facebook makes $ by analyzing my habits, so why are they deciding what's important to me, instead of letting me decide?
Dont download it. it doesnt work in my cp.
Its ok
Love to all
Good App And Nice App
The best
Good
Wow
Ok
Cc
Cool
LIPU
It was perfect before and then 1 day when i opened my account it went all black.. what should i do?
good :)
For some reason wen I got fb open and I go to messenger to do message (rather than chat head because it closes all time wen im typing, ) after I send message or read one ect I go back to minimised fb put it on screen and it setting up again , its every time its minimised to use another prog
Its gud n working well for me..
When I open the app it just freezes to a black screen and now it says Facebook has stopped working. Wtf!
Supper
Good aaps
This app amazing
Friends
Average performance and hangs.not able to load my photos on even WiFi
w
Error 491 is f..... stupid been messed up sence I got updated and now im just fed up with it going to twitter thanks anyway.
Barani selvam
Very slow
Ameging
Be better if they removed the name change limit I got hacked n now stick wit the name
I like it so much
Love it
If I don't want to use the message app dont make me use it
Cannot post a status. Cannot use it at all over the last month on my samsung galaxy 3 tablet
Says f.b. processor has suddenly stop....pleai fix..
Use cairfulliy
Hello
Preety
This is a fantastic app.
When I open facebook ,it always crash ! Fix it please!
Mubin
Please fix!
OK
Nice  aap
Now Facebook suck. All these different change
Starting to hate Facebook.  After scrolling down through news feed, you click on a "link", once you view the link FB will not direct you back to the same place on the news feed like it used to.  This is a must fix issue.
I can't log out that fvck!!! Please fixed this
It was alright but i don't appreciate the fact that it keeps trying to get me to download messenger
Enjoying the network fullu
A big application must be open quickly but this is so slow.
Nothing is working! Pictures come up but not words.
FACEBOOJ
I like to be in facebook but I don't like the update data
COOL! :">
Ok
Fb is the bomb dot com.
My passwad has problems
Good
Specifically the navigation bar and menu. *the messenger app UI would be a good reference.
Very nyc
Bakit paminsan minsan mag log ito .
Guys if you are like me and hate the privacy infringements the FB MESGR app imposes and know its just as horrible as it sounds, AND are also refusing to install the app bc of it, let me hit you with some more advice. UNINSTALL THE FB APP as well.Guys any of u that installed it and DID NOT read the fine print may be totally oblivious to the fact that the same rights and permissions you would be giving to the new FB messenger app, are given to the regular FB app when installed! READ PEOPLE!#keepthemouturlife
Even when I'm not signed on, it collects data.
After installing this update, the app no longer closes when you tap your phone's Back button - it stays running in the background.
Whoo
iloved it
Like
app
Good app to use
Jovane alaal
Eemm do you know what happen actually
The newest update took away sound from the videos that I click on to play full size in the app. I know it won't play in the news feed, but it always has if I clicked on it to play in the app before. If I go to the website referenced to (or YouTube), it works fine.
tooo gud
Keeps kicking me out since I updated.
It is awesome!  You can use it  easily  by not using it too much
Omg
Facebook
After the last update each time am trying to play a video posted on facebook the hall app freeze
I dont like all my facebook friends on my coctact list. I have 500 or so. I only call maybe 10 .   And by sounds of it. Alot more not to agree with
Facebook
After new update it takes two three times for logging in
Abuu rashid
Can't setup
Hi having problems installing Facebook said that its a "110" problem can you help?
Why we can not reach the other box on mobile?
I do love FB but this darn app keeps freezing. When new stories are happening, without me doing it the app refreshes..I DONT WANT THAT Ill refresh when I'm ready.
No problem just keepup the goodwork

Nice app
This is the apps that most functional and updates me in other news.
When i get on Facebook it tells me facebook isnt responding or its saying it has stopped and it does that when its updating or just for no reason
good
Good
It develops relationships exchange of all versatile knwoledge one to all
Useless
I like this face book
Ever
So slow
Wtf facebook always forced close!!!
Love
Thanks for putting back the old version. Im hapy now. I was worried yesterday.
if you want to used this app, dont make a stories what you knows, if you dont want it, dont comment and shat da pak up! Understand!? F***ing annoying person!
Yu
Still sync my numbers even though I did not agree .causes phone to force close constantly. Update after update after update.always issues. In two years I've never had an update that worked way it should. Had enough of face book.
Good
Awosam
The pictures on android are blurred! I can't see photos clearly when I zoom in specially the one's that have text. Please fix this. The old versions are better.
Excellent app
Awesome ... So fast ...I love it .. BT cost also ... Plz save megabite..
Cool
Crap acting wierd and crashing still after a a clean reset on tab 3
Very nice app
:)
So loving it
It's awesome
You can't copy text or open with dcp view
Excellent
Keeps going to my app page, whats up with that? Please fix for a better review
What the hell is going on? Since I updated this app, I can't open my act anymore and if it opens it suddenly STOPS! I thought this latest update would become better but its getting worse! Pls fix it before I rate u 5 (EXCELLENT) Tnx!
I hate this app -,- stop synchronizing stuffs from my phone! Your invading our pricacy!
New update just bulishit..... It crashes everyone when launching.... Pls fix that.....
I love this app so much
Force closes on tab 3 and still waiting for remidy like other users
plss gawin nyong mabilis
This is very best Abb for socialising
Safe mode
Nice
The app servr as a source of entertainment
Ok
I like facebook bcoz its connects the people. Its creates relation among the friends,which they are far from us.facebook is the better way of reduced the distance
This app together us.I like this app so much.
Yaa i love it
Nice fb
Nice aap
Works great
It's stack on 'just a moment' always!! Argh. -____-
Nice
Accelent app
Constantly crashing on my galaxy tab 3
Verygood
Weak.
The update is good but it slowed my fone even if i still have 7Gb of freememory...
I like it
Great :)
Worst
Can u guys add an option of emoticons in comments...
He would be much better if the app would stop crashing...
Its more fun to connect love one's
I downloaded it because i lost my phone. It's not launching until now. It's been 3 days. Now i'm using the website for facebook.
I can't open the app, for some reason is installed but im not been able to open.
Niceapp
Fb is no. 1 Apps
Aamir
Ajay
My facebook always forces close
This app is very nice
Worst yet nice app
Nice nalang!
I like it more
Slow download ...ggggrrrrrrrrrr
Time pass
Have the developers never heard of testing and debugging before releasing an update?
Loved ittttt
.
Aamir
I can never find the option for top comments. Either it's not there at all, or fb can't be f****d to put it somewhere obvious.
Why do it allways crashing all the time? Any time I allways open my facebook it allways crash.... pls. Make fb more better
Love this app easy way to get in touch with family and friends.
Think fb need to stop trying to be so clever..
Now is very slow
Freezes
Good
joss
Loved it
I like it but thing is it never allows me to log out!
AWESOME!
Patricia Mzwakali
Need new update as the app opens for a few seconds then shuts down. 3 updates later and still sane issue.
Still need to improve
butu
Facebook
Good way to contact , what u lost years ago
Facebook
Love this app
Amazing
I keep downloading it but at 100% it says Error incompatible update so please fix this
Nice
Itr realy worth
It has been promoted. Like this too much
Face book is crap not like it use to be
I love that the app has the "reply to comment" feature now. And the status glitch I complained about is fixed. I do wish that I could see the notification home bar no matter what. I don't like having to click "back" several times to check on my notifications.
I HAVE BEEN ABLE TO FIND SO MANY OLD FRIENDS WONDERFUL.
When I logout. It was disappear
I like that
Lol
Abbas
Facebook always force closes in my gadget. I wonder why...
Using S5 Active (brand new phone no excuse for this) App is crashing like crazy again...and also while scrolling through my feed it will just randomly move or scroll to the top of the feed, I want to move my feed not have it move by it self...can't wait for the day I just Delete Facebook all together...Update 8/23/14 Still crashing and still moves my feed by its self...WHY???????? Another new update and now the app just closes by itself...Great update
Using so smart
The app blocks my memory, and does not allow to move to the SD card... lousy programming.
Help me to use this app in my device
Loveee
I can't do a single thing on this app.  It is always booting me back to my home screen.  Within 10 seconds I am booted off.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times now.  Next time I will not reinstall.
Opera moni is best
nice app
I really loved it
Good
Install
Keeps me in touch with the outside world
Cool
Me @ikka
After a brief read of the other reviews... There's no way I shall allow fb acess to my phone
Rubbish and distroys lives. Get a life and get rid x
Dear Facebook, let me use Facebook the way I want to. I do not like TOP STORIES, I prefer MOST RECENT. But you all have made it inconvenient to get most recent news feed.
Gagan Ahuja
Sadly, unfortunately, I can't save photo/s from Facebook anymore. Why this happen? Really hope to get your feedback ASAP
Super
I tried many times downloading it but it says that duplicate provider what's that?can anyone help me.please.
Is it still functioning for android 2.1?
be true

Awesome
After refresh new story, facebook apps automatic close up
Why fb app keeps running after closing it !!!!!!
I will not upload a separate messenger app. Sort it out please and stop denying me access to my messages without it
Since this update, my Facebook app crashes all the time and I can't even go on my time line part of the app. Please fix this ASAP. I have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and still having same issues. Not happy!
Peyaron se peyar kero
NYC application
Cannot download FB
Nice
I downloaded the app few weeks ago... It shows only 30mb after now a days it's shows 120mb in occupied my ram and data... fb why you stole our free space let me know what the problem.
I haven't been able to open app since latest update.
081995868
Ulasan oleh chew chew sukmo
FB
Very slowww
Awesome!
To the world
Facebook
Why the hell can't I uninstall this crap?
my love
Very good app
Im uploading photos to my personal album and there not showing up in my album eventhough there uploaded! Wtf!!! Pleeeease FIX!!!!!
Nice
Azlan
It's cool
Love it!
Good
Facebook
Like it
Force me to download messenger, hate it
Works for a while and then closes without warning, like it's run out of power.
Keeps kicking me off bout every couple minutes and doesn't load news feed only gives old news feed
Jai mata di
Worst app ever !!!
Only i dislike when i go to inbox and you asked me to download Facebook messenger that's really bothering me
I think its is 10 star easy to use and simple so i like it
I like it
Avg.
Masum
Comments And see
The "i want to unfollow this" most of the time is not working. Please do something about this on your next update. The rest, u did very well job. 

To make an option for saving the important post...

mancy
Zala rahul
Please fix the bugs.
Very usefull
Everytime i click on a photo or go to notifications or try to share and thing face book closes it wont even let me look at the app settings
Agree ur getting to personal at least give a choice......stop forcing things on us..........,
Good
Keeps crashing
Good....
Wtf... It's not running on my Xperia device showing incompatible update.still not running..
Since the last update, notifications are not being sent to my phone. PLEASE FIX!!!
Jabab nahi .
its gud to go
I can't log in!!! I dont know what's the problem!! After updating the app it is showing some errors!! 1 star for that
Working fine in s5
bad
facebook
It's so speed
Deceptive Rubbish... Permissions out of control... Privacy setting change at Facebook's will.
Very confusion as i want to exit its not allowed and new a/c & i start get mails & frend requests i dont like at all
App
Nice app
Bekr
Fi22
This app is not even starting up for me now.
love love loved it!!
Eggs
Overall Is Good.But Speed Is slow.Also gets during sign in.Needs Some improvements more.
it takes too much storage place and cant download other apps ..but overall it is the best app
Isnt responding.. Always lag pls fix it!
Fine mind
Facebook
:(
Facebook
Very good
Mera toh confirmation code hi nahi mil raha hai
Very fine app to chat...
Pradip
Samsung galaxy tablet 3 Still is not working! Definitely deleting it till it's fixed. Been like this for 2 months now!
Jsjhs Prashant Gadekar
Use fb very easy way
nice
I hate it...whenever i refresh it takes a lot of minutes
Movies it
Jamie
it is really wonderful
Cool
Good
Its super fast...but it takes a lot of space on ma phone or sd card........
Ã¿´ÎücßxÏàÆ¬¶¼Ö±½ÓÏÈÞDQ³ÉÏàCÄ£Ê½ºÜÂé©Ò®£¡ °ÝÓ!!ÎÒücµÄ²»ÊÇ"ÏàÆ¬"á?
I loved it so mch..i connect to my frndzz via fb vry fast.
Since the last update It keeps closing.. i dont know why. Please fix this
Best way
No improvement at all!
Awesome.......
Nirosanilanthi
Yes very nice
Can not get on cb
Waheguru Waheguru
:-)
Stupid
Good
Flawless, but ,still not big on putting my boring,yet private life out there.
Nyc
Drains battery faster leaves me no choice to uninstall this.
Uninstalled this app after endless updates which failed to adress the issue of slow app performance.  The app itself and the messenger add on also had a negative effect on my phones performance even when the apps weren't in use. I'm much better off without this app and for the amount I used it I wont miss it!
This is awsom app @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@thanx to mark
Cant delete search history.
Forcing me to download messenger
Always has to 'force close' or 'restart' ughh and why does it have to take up so much space.......FIX IT !!!!!!!
Good

Its so hard to find an image by camera roll ...
Its gud bt it hangs a lot..i had to uninstal frequently
Stop the automatic sync with contacts
Accesses too much of my info and does not need to.  Zuckerman sold out to the Feds.
Download most of my video
It's very laggy, not smooth as before!
Force close, force close only need the old facebook. Fu** with updated
Can't log in.Its always timing out.Do something.
I like
Rock
the best social application
Thanks for making this app
Nice
Nice
i hate it
Awful
Truly awesome
Whenever I tap fb my phone always hang :(
This app crashes each time. Very annoying.
Keeps crashing every 2 mins. Need to fix it asap!!
wow!
Yeah
U know...lol...
It'fast &better
Hay
Hated it
Kuwait
Biasa
It's really bad when I wanna upload any pic from my device it's pick up option is from camera roll and I don't know what kind of camera roll is that..  Where all photos are jumbled and it's kind of difficult to select  from there..  It should be like after clicking on upload option it should open all folders and upload from there..  This will be more convenient..
Dear NSA, I'm not an American so don't do this to me!
Like it
Best
Worst aap my father loves it he is on the Facebook 24 hours
Hm nice
Facebook
Since new update, new stories make your browsing jump to the top regardless of where you were up to in your feed. Massive pain in the butt! FB has bee heading down a slippery slope for a while now.
Poralblam
Bad performance. ....
Samsung dous
Slow, can't choose default news feed, you seen to choose what I see
Face book is very popular app
Finger on the pulse of life.
Very nice app
Becuse its keeps taking me out off my account thats why I dont like it
Jatt
It freezes almost everytime I finish watching a video. Not only does the app freeze but sometimes even my entire phone.
Other than that,  It's getting better
I find it very annoying when im looking through posts from either that day or previous day (I dont go on FB every day) and im about 50 posts in and suddenly it reloads and I have to start from the newest post.
The app doesn't support of android anymore 4.0.4 and my phone doesn't need an update.
Leah
awasome
(Y)
It stops HTC backup from backing up my phone. It changes the contacts photos by importing pictures from facebook... Please fix the problems.
Like it
Keeps forcing close in latest update
NYC
Cache problem. Which makes it worse in slow Internet connection
Cool ap bro :)
It's Very Bad
Ps
Thankyou!
Good
Keeps crashing. Dont bother
Love it
When i open it the app will not respond
Loved
Went from 7.0 to 19.0 because I've been avoiding updating the app so long. Only did so because the old version stopped playing videos. And I regret updating it!! Keeps syncing my contacts even after I repeatedly change it in the settings not to. And shuts down my phone if I try to add "feeling, watching" ect tags. FIX THIS NONSENSE.
You can see everything just fine. But links has been really broken the last 2 month. Donno why you suddenly break a function
Best and good
Love it
love this app alot better than going on the browser/chrome cx thx fb people
Very exite ful
Fix the news feed!!!!!! Out of order!!!
^_____^
Very bad

Facebook
Don't know whats going on with your designers of your app but the app is so bad ive started using the web  browser on my tablet so as to be able to view my facebook page.. kinda defeats the purpose of an app ill try the update if its not any better I will uninstall sigh update fail, crashes all the time, closes for no reason, closes when I hit the comment links, closes and or hangs depending on when I click on external links fail fail fail uninstalled the app now no more app using a Samsung Tab3 2014 Android 4.2 Tablet
Sangat baik
Self Introduction to the world...........happy to use
Happening again.....News feed not coming thru and nothing from fb about the problem. This happened before and I had to factory reset my phone. I'm not going thru that again. This problem need to be fixed real quick or I'm out of here...
Bega  download addre chanage
Gulmuhammad
Don't get new feeds after update why
Nice appp

Fivestar
Koo
Great
Working very slow
I'll try to delete my cmts. But No use this app 
Nice
Awesome
An okay app, but I still cannot watch videos on Facebook using my Xperia which is so frustrating! I've contacted Facebook directly about this problem and still no reply or change in the app.
Very nice application
Everan
Madu
Way better than the previous versions.
Like
Super fb in wirld
I like
Sarabjit singh
Picher are not loding fast just ......
Mstt
when we on bottom pages, the apps auto refresh then go to the top pages..
Download
no more privacy....we need some exemption
Sucks
It's a love hate thing! Totally engrossing like a virtual drug. Has the ability to extend your task completion time to infinity! Enjoy. All your friends (and enemies) are here, too!
good
fucked up
LOVee the ideas fantastic
Bring back Messager
frnds
I love Facebook very much
Keeps closing randomly.it seems to close more often with each update.irritating
E
Sooo lezzy hang hang very bad service
Did not open the app please no download
Bublikhan91
Aku
Wtf fix it
Booo
Excellent
:'(
Grraaaahciassa amigos
Aku suka
Since last update. Force closes constantly. Update: Still force closing constantly.
Dil se
bugs everywhere
SO INTERESTING GET SOCIAL
Hermosa
Excellent service
jxt gud except sam postings sam ppl do
when ever I started the application and all it does is setting up fb for a very long time
I love this app because its speed was become excellent...
I LOVE FACEBOOK
like it
Cool
nda baik
My news feed never updates. I'll literally look at the same posts for days before it'll change. Even when I try to refresh it and I know there's new stuff to be seen because its on the desktop version.
To big and dumb!
Good job
Add
It's been freezing laity
It's OK
not bad
Bad
Greatest
Very Good
drains my battery..
Move on INDIA
Yeahh..love it B
;)
Fix the last update please! I just installed it and it keeps crashing. I have an Android. It gives me "setting up facebook" message and it won't go pass that. Thanks!
So I liked when you clicked on a story that took you to a different link, it went into the Facebook link instead of the actual browser...can we go back to that? Because now it takes me to my browser than won't take me back to my Facebook when I hit the back button. I now have to hit my home button and go back into my Facebook and go all the way back through my news feed to get where I was at...very frustrating. Please fix and I'll rate higher. Thank you.
Lacks manageable functions
It's fast easy to operate
Make Facebook lighter please it is very heavy and that does make it go slow. I had to delate it because it was taking up far too much  space i had no memory left so that is why i delate it because the facebook app is far too big you need improve that. It take all my memory so i unstall
Love it
Meek never lack
The app started downloading games i don't like to play. Had to uninstall.
Facebook thanks for being available to most of devices but here in android please make it bit lighter (like social life app of sony) to work smoothly in 2G service. Also please don't ponder in private life please...
Improve for faster and effect  speef
good
Nice app

constant spam notifications to find more friends in the middle of the night
I can't open this app.... If i open it, it keeps on telling me that my memory is low. When i check my memory its 40mb free... What is wrong?
S¨ªiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Images not loading properly, take  time to load, on touching images comments pop up, exits fb without my consent, will go back to latest updates while browsing through old postings.... upgraded still problem persist.... please fix it soon.....
Supr appreciate tis app
Weird FB.
Data hog!
awesome. but data carge to strong
I love my life
Its good
Mine  done
I have a friend whose Facebook app is transparent.how can they to it??
So I uninstalled it because it doesn't work, then I tried to install it again but it won't Let me. It keeps on saying error bla bla bla. Pls fix it
2 big flaws! Number one, the status updates. So back when the facebook app was decent, I was able to get the latest updates from my friends instantly, it would had an option where it had the most popular or the most recent updates.  Now, non of that exists. I try to refresh my news feed and I get updates from 3 days ago? and it says my news feed is up to date. Flaw number 2, trying to have a stable connection. I lose connection so I have to close the app and clear the cache so I can use it again.
Had cleared previous data from application settings and updated again but when I try to login it says, "the email you have entered does not belong to an account. Please check your email address and try again". Please help resolve this problem A.S.A.P.
I don't like the fact fb wants access to everything on my phone.
Leah Minis
No enough words to appreciate Facebook creators
Pls i love fb but y i can not download it in my phone fix this caz i became all soggy now
It needs to be updated. I used the iPhone version of Facebook and its a lot better. You can tag people. Also the messages part does not load correctly
Hai
Very Good app.
why do i have to download messenger to look at messages
Posts are not loading at all. I had to uninstall then reinstall and now I can't log in.
Make it easy to no each other around the world n chat with them
Cashes out BIG TIME on samsung galaxy 3 especially after an upgrade
I love Facebook, but I cant download the app, please fix the problem!
Nice but update is contained with no change
My native browser facebook is better than this, still there's lot to improve.
Verry best.. my facebook... i'm okay chatting my friends on facebook..
Awesome
The more u guys "make it better" the worse it gets!! Slow... forces close at least 10 x's a day... soooo ridiculous! Need a feature to b able to move more than one pic at a time into an album also! Plz fix this app. Its really bad n gets on my nerves about to delete it n call it a day
I like it
Nice Apps,but the time of updates is too frequent
Te amo
Super
Blah
Fh
Best
Vana
Fb is very nice
This is good app
I hate it when i scroll down my timeline the app suddenly close by itself, its annoying. Can you like fix it and ill give this app 5 stars
I can't download and keeps saying error "-24"
it's always happening since the last update. please fix it and i'll give back my 5 stars. thank you.
B
Worst
superb
I like it
Won't download onto phone keeps saying incompatible data

Rate program recieve next program faster
Crashes all the time
I love it..
Very nice .AAP
just love's it
Good application and it real works
Best appnote2
what happened to the latest update?.. whenever i open my FB app it always says "Setting up Facebook" then, "Just a moment".. then "FACEBOOK STOP FROM WORKING"... urrggh!.. same as the FACEBOOK MESSAGER.. PLEASE DO FIX ALL THIS.. thanks. (:
Stupid version .... crashed version
When i will open all pic always too late open this not good
Alrealying on facebook
Is there a way to view my videos (folder) that been uploaded? And able to select/move a bunch of photos into an album from mobile uploads?
Dem the update is not working
Why am I forced to have this on my phone?
Ilike db
Its very slow loading the pictures. I have a very good internet connection, but fb refuses to get images and feeds quick enough.
K
If it wasn't because I can stop this app on the background with greenify, I would not have downloaded it
App
Need to be fast ... Mostly it hangs up must fix the prblm than i would rate it 5 stars
Loved
Like
Slow, can't load picture, but responsive. Please improve more.
It works really comfirtably. Suits me well, user friendly.
Good
good
FB has become far to invasive with permissions.
very good
severe problem is occuring with my facebook app.it is again and again closing and helding
Not bad
ia sngt menarik bagi saya 5 bintang saya bagi
helpful
Finding nemo
I really  like using this app its fun..
Excellent
Best giler
It hangs up my phone.it really lagged on my cherry mobile w930.when my phone was sleep and this app was running,i get difficult to open my phone.i thought cud not open it anymore.for how mny times i reinstalled dis app hoping 4 a change but the same result,very lag until it says facebook not responding.i really want dis app because it has nice features but cud not use it.hoping 2 read my feedback.
Its worth it!!
T
This app sux on my Samsung galaxy 3 tab. It crashes like 10 times a minute to the point that makes this entire app pointless.  I can't post or do location or anything. What a buggy piece of S%#!
World best social media
How is it,i cant open my fb account in my other phone,i trying to send the code but is not working
Great app to use Facebook when you're on the go!!
Andrew.  Hager
Very very nice its work good i l it
Nce speed n improve features by facebook devloper...
so pro facebook....
its easier to use than the previous one.
I love this before,but now its getting low.
Fine on my phone but my two tablets can't run it.  Keeps shutting down constantly!
Keeps crashing fix it all ready
Good app we all adopted by it
I love I wish they would let me back on Facebook and stop locking me out so I can talk to my family and friends.
I love it it is a good opurtunity to communicate with friends
Hate the fact that when I'm scrolling through my feed and it brings me back to the top or in the middle of who knows where when someone posts or shares something. I lose my place and it gets very irritating that I just close the app. Change that and I'll give a higher rating.
Can't status  like watching movie, feeling etc.. pls fix this status
//kill@72//
I love fb
Why should I have two apps for the functionality that used to be in one app?
wilson dela cruz
Gooooooooood
Wew
Hanson
whenever i try to add some status it just won't appear in news feed as well as in my profile it just disappeare. Please fix it
Good
many knowledge
Sip
Need to add a dislike button.  Then you will get four stars from me.
Nice
Verygood
I hate when I install Facebook so slow. I install one week already until now not finish..
some problem
wowwwww
Performance issues. Memory hog.
nice
ts good but it alwayz stuckng on ma phone so please fix it so i can give u 5 star
Viber
§³§Ú§Ø§å §ß§Ñ §ã§ä§Ñ§â§à§Û §Ó§Ö§â§ã§Ú§Ú. §¯§Ö §ç§à§é§å §é§ä§à§Ò§í §à§ß§à §Ý§Ö§Ù§Ý§à §Ó §ã§Þ§ã. §³§Ñ§Þ§à §á§à§Õ§Ü§Ý§ð§é§Ñ§Ý§à §Ú§ß§ä§Ö§â§ß§Ö§ä. §³§à§Ù§Õ§Ñ§Ó§Ñ§Ý§à §Ù§Ñ§á§Ú§ã§Ú §Ó §Ü§Ñ§Ý§Ö§ß§Õ§Ñ§â§Ö §Ú §ã§å§Õ§ñ §á§à §à§ä§Ù§í§Ó§Ñ§Þ §ß§Ö §Ù§â§ñ. §µ §µ §Ü§à§Ô§à §ä§à §Ý§Ö§Ù§Ö§ä §Ú §ã§à§Ù§Õ§Ñ§×§ä §Þ§å§ã§à§â §Ü§à§Ô§Õ§Ñ §ß§Ö §á§â§à§ã§ñ§ä. And one, I don't want to be forced to use 2 apps, I mean I don't need any "nice" messenger.
Super
Facebook was working fine on my tablet until about two weeks ago.  Now I can barely keep the program open long enough to read the first post.  Seems to still be working fine on my phone and settings are the same on both devices.
Ahora si que se merece las 5 estrellas y mas.. la mejoraron bastante. En hora buena por todos nosotros que ya anciabamos esta mejora!!
Crashes almost every time and very sluggish. lots to cope up with the app on iPhone. Today it just got worst and I had to re install to make it work. Very crappy. FB team ...., please fix it.
Good
Gagan Ahuja
Best app to install
Its k      is very easy kgxhh hyhh
Lovw
U kno we had a couple problems but uhh its all good now. But fr yall should get this
love it
Easy to use and convenient for keeping up with friends and family.
Because it ain't works properly
Facebook
Super
Hamza
Good
Good
Adlanyasin
Stalls so often upon opening.  Freezes when posting comments.  And constant garbage updates. Smmfh. Also, how about an update that can block those annoying game requests? Too much?!?! And is it just me, or is the news feed never really up to date? Always see updates from yesterday [Xperia Z2]
Every time i scroll or check a comment it closes on me. Very very aggravating.
Haha
Hangs at "setting up Facebook". Please fix!
Super
Ikae lng ang mahal ko
Good
Gud to every one...
Yogesh b puri
Very very nice
very good
I Love Fb But It keeps forcing people to install this app. i hate FBM i want to have a private life..
It has always been my favorite social network but now that you hand to download messenger it kills the vibe having to go. Down load the messenger app. Especially. After hearing about the hacks to where they can see Eventing on your  phone but other than that it's great
So, now, every time I share something, a new "Posted" notification comes up with other pages I should "Like" and some random thing I posted a year or two ago.  Who at Facebook thought this would somehow make the experience better?  F you.
Really once I made this stupid update I cant unfollow any one
I love it !
If you guys fix the album. Please do something to customize the audience of each album. Get some contributors sharing, it only have public, friends and others. There's no customize at! Thanks
Nice
Every link I try to open via the Facebook app causes my browser and Facebook to stop.
Cannot use this on my Samsung Galaxy tablet since the updates.  I cannot navigate anywhere within the app.
Ok
FRIENDCASTER is better
Runs slow & refreshes my timeline on its own.
It keeps scrolling back to the top everytime theres an update in the feeds. How can i possibly read through the list if keeps going back up? And seriously, please have a team respond to ratings and comments. These are not here just for compliance you know!
Enjoying leave days in Facebook
Mantap
Good
Np
What happened to this app?it's getting worst!
Good social networking site
thanks
I don't like it it's always freezing up like Every five seconds. It's just bad
Good
Jest ok
Trying to add a friend and it keeps telling me blocked, condemned as abusive or unaccepted action...but my friend says it's doing the same to them and neither one of us are blocking each other! Fix this fb! It's annoying!
Keeps dropping out of Saudi Arabia Time Line
Cannot play videos anymore
I like it.
Easy peasy
I uninstalled it the last day, but now I changed my mind
This app does nothing but go through your personal files, texts, and phone log.  Ridiculous.
Great
Good and awesome
Friendly not usally
Ex husband of Christina there is what you need to know
Its great i can do a lot kno a lot
Loved
Facebook
Good application's to you, but in this category is ii would like the idea of the day of your choice . good huh. ..oi really like this one is a bit. I'm a little while, so
pls fix its very irritating, i cant use it continously.
Like the app a lot.
I like it
No social app is better Dan dis
Using the samsung galaxy 3 10.1 tablet. Can't even use the app . Crashes within seconds after opening the app please fix this problem
Wow
I love this app because of this thing communication with my family across the world and I can meet new people. I can hang with people in town. Let you know where their at. And also I can not worry about like hackers and also the some bug fixes.
Ok. Every since I updated I'm having trouble logging in. Fix please. Thank you.
Really guys.....why you gotta be making it so hard to create an account? I've been trying to make a profile but it tries to send confirmation to my gmail account but it NEVER sends it!
Please fix this crap on check in/watching keeps force closing and resetting fb. 2nd time after update this issue is still not resolved
I hate spam
Its good
Great I loved
Nice! Don't believe Thiha Swe. He is lying... He use other messaging apps.. :-P
Freezes and force closes
I try to click anything and it closes on me. Went back to using Google Chrome on my tablet for facebook since it still works!

Hype
After the latest update it started force closing all the time
It crashes every few minutes.
App closes once I click on what am watching or doing
Why did you remove the menu bar (friends list, message list and notifications) when in the 'most recent' option? You took away the very most convinient part of 'most recent' option ever since you removed it from default. Why do you hate 'most recent' so much?!!
FB has never made a worthy app. Probably never will.
Love it
Facebook pages
Every time I try to upload pictures to  a group album, I get a white screen of death. Tried it again with the mobile site with no problem. It even let me upload from multiple sources. My contacts are overflowing with stuff I don't need. This app did not improve my life at all.
New update screws up....
Crashes whenever I try to use the "Feeling/Watching/Ect" status feature.
Jai mata d
Nice
Why very low
Very responsive
So good
Good way to keep up with friends and family.
My Samsung tab 3 keeps force closing it and I can't do nothing on it.  It is so frustrating
All the sudden my app is closing without reason..i tap it open then poof! It disappears time and time again..a reinstall doesn't seem to help..i have to resort to using my chrome version no problems there
It's ok
Noor Ail
By the way, to everyone hollering about the new Messenger app, it's NOT a big privacy scam, And facebook can do whatever the hell it wants- It owns the FREE service you use. This isn't "taking away your rights and voice". So please hush down over this.  I do have SOME issues with the app. Let's start off by saying this thing updates about once every two minutes. This can be a real pain to people like myself, living in rural areas with horrible internet. Other than that major one, there are a few little dissapointments here and there, but you come to expect that from almost anything. Welcome to life. Other than that, It's the facebook you Know and love, and it's on the platforms in which you are familiar with. I like it, But my lousy review shouldnt stop you from getting it. Results vary, download and see what happens.  Pssssttt Does NOT work on Android x86 4.4.2 KitKat
Bored
Yes
Slow and you should allow gifs
This is the most awesome app in the hole world!!!!
Awsome!!
Superfast
After the latest update the app is acting weird.. Can't open it and it automatically closes itself..
Happy
Accountant
Incredible bad app. The worst I had use.
It's not the latest facebook software and it doesn't update. Can't do much on it. Sucks
clear
Good
Nice
I like it
Hb
Very lag, please fix it
Good
1972
When uploading profile pictures, you should be able to use the whole size of the photo instead of just a square section of it. That's stupid.
No big problems but could use work
Its great!
Sharing with other
Very nice app which connects you with people & exchange your intellectual thoughts.
Asw aap
Best
I love it
Great application to stay in touch with family and friends, but I seriously think it could use more security features, as I've been hacked twice and I had to change my password too! Let's get this done!
Its so hard to install why?
Very  interesting.

N
Frustrating as hell! Can't view anything longer then 5 seconds and it crashes.
It keeps kicking me of every time I go on someone's wall or scrolling threw my news feed please fix this
It seems that i have a new problem! The last three upgrades have taken away the ability to watch videos of any sort! Don't know why the upgrades continue to get worse! It's becoming a lil ridiculous now!
Consumes too much internal space,and also facebook stucks at setting up. Pls fix these problems and i'll give 5stars..
When any ext link  is pressed, it goes to background. N after coming back to fb app. The app is reloading. N it points to top of the news feed. Excep fb app is good. I'm using moto g. Please fix it.
I cant log in, it says "Facebook isnt responding, do you want to close it?" Or "Setting up Facebook" or "Just A moment".. Ive waited for so long for that "Just A Moment" I think Ive almost wait for 15 mins. Please fix it as soon as posible. So that I will rate 5 stars. Thanks.
Dnt wnt to use messenger...why it force us to download
Facebook
Like it
Good
K
Facebook
I had to uninstall it then i tried to reinstall it now it won't even load to let me log in!
:-\ not a gud app...
One should not be forced into downloading the chat/messaging app...sneaky way to steal more info by making it mandatory...don't like being forced to do something I dont feel comfortable with..will lose me if the site becomes like this...u r making it worst not better.
Nice app ,,,,,,
Very nice
Lovely app.
In the past I kinda dislike Facebook.  But I was wrong.    Facebook is very unique for networking.
Stops running too much.....
Updates are getting wors
Am scoring fb very high
Good
Pictures
Facebook
See
Every week update it
This app sucks, it acts weird. I click on my profile and it takes me to a blank page, it constantly freezes and stops loading. So much more to say but what's the point!!!
Memory usages on ram is to high when app isn't open
Does a pretty good job of providing most of the desktop web experience.
Latest update killed the usefulness of the app. Half of the features don't work. The app just dies and you have to reload it. I'm going back to MySpace dammit.... Hasn't  changed as of 10/19/14
Was good for a few months and now the app closes for no reason, very annoying. Fix it.
Thank u
The only thing is that it doesn't let time for other apps. now it helps to know the person who is calling us by showing there clear picture.
I can't download coz my phone is full memory
Facebook
i like
It will not load my news feed to Facebook at all just got a chuckle going round and round
Shuts down after about 5 seconds
Okey
Fb is starting to suck because I can't look at all the post & it keeps trying to make me sync my contacts with face book.
Yes
Bettr h
Videos r not loading. They keep updating the app but no improvement.
hi
I don't care for the new Facebook at all
I think Facebook. Is FUN.
Kuala lumpur
Works perfectly and no bugs
Facebook on android keeps shutting down..started about the end of September
What happened to the app? News feed isn't current. its not how it use to be. What ever happened to simplicity?
Good
Stop putting adds or pictures on it. Imma tell all my 5000 friends to uninstall it fr 
good excellent
Facebook Android
Takes forever for postings to load..fb us getting slower and slower
Kannada
I can talk to all my friend on it and call people
My Facebook app keeps crashing each time I open it on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. I've closed it using task manager, restarted my tablet, and uninstalled and reinstalled it. Please fix this problem and I will change my rating!
Won't always open
Keeps force closing every time i open it. Cleared cache and app data still force closes
Keeps closing won't let me post status
I have no problems with it
I  love it
it is best..
Theres nothing more I can say about this app nothing garbage this app is the worst/biggest pos of an app ever
Fhv
Every time I want to view a picture it keeps freezing amd closing
Have i really2 hate this app bacause when i want to log in my accout all my friend contact go to my contact pls change it
It always stops when I search something or write a comment . This update is a bullshit !
;-)
Enerternet
Good service
Wow its amazing better than opera using facebook
Dont ask me why this app so sucks
It has been so good but now it doesn't work right, it makes the storage low ... Fix it please.. Thanks
You guys screwed up when messenger required a separate app! 2 stars is more than generous! 10/19/14-this app still sucks donkey dick! I think the developer(s) should get instructions in crayon to get this app running decent atleast!
Good job
Installed the app, never logged in once using it, randomly gets bigger from 23mb to overall 100mb.
Great
It's just fine! :-)
Keeps freezing up on me and won't let me scroll. Doesn't respond.
Review of Jerry owner Good Allen good AND I have known for so long and Allen S. Longer a great picture of both of them
Nice

I have connected with everyone I know and the app is not too glitch so that's good
5 book
Most recent feed will have to be made the default feed to get more than  one star. I urge all who want the most recent feed to be default to join me in giving this app a one star rating until most recent feed is made default. Too bad there's only the option of one star rating.  This  app now deserves a negative stars rating.

Loved it
I cannot download photos from this app and does not show any update.
Good app and works as expected
Keeps crashing!
Ok
With samsung tab it always opens and then crashes within seconds....awful.
Great app.
takes up way to much space
Hate iiitttt!
Why are these updates just taking up more space and not adding anything? You'r not applying anything we are asking for and it just gets slower and stupider! I scroll down my timeline and half the stuff I have posted just isn't there! I have to go to my activity log to see everything. Nobody wants your joker of a messenger app either. Deleting.
Very good
Fhj
It keeps taking off when you post or share somethjng
Love it
Please add the reply function and the ability to send as message/copy link to post when sharing! If iOS has it I dont understand why android doesn't! Its very frustrating when you just want to show someone a post privately and have to go into the browser ver
I cant even last 1 minute, i scroll down the news feed and it closes , or abnormally shuts down!
Nice
This is a good aplication but, make my phone slowly, then I so lazy to use this aplication
Good but not bad
Omg it awesome
The last two updates have been terrible. Every time I open facebook on my Samsung galaxy 3 tablet, the app closes. It worked fine before the updates. Please fix the problem.
Gud
Lo e
61988619
Fix asap constant crashes, can't update status after recent update
Installed on Galaxy Note 2
Its good aap..but the aap size is too high..it will be better if the aap size will under 10-15. MB.thank you.
The app always crashes on my tab3, i must go through Chrome I can't use the stupid app!!!!!!!!
I just like it for no reason
Suberrr Use
The app does not show any type of notification when I get a message or notification from facebook, and when am outside of the app it does not show a number on the app when am outside of it. APP TOTALLY SUCKS!!!
Good
I'm sick of it trying to get me to download the messenger app, we don't even need it
Super
Got this app to keep up with family and friends i give it four stars
Get out of my contacts.
I hate having to scroll through all my pictures in my can just to post. Can we just choose from our picture folders?
Very slow when loading.. can't view faster the pictures and other comments. . Tnx!
Good app
I had to reset my password, and I couldnt even get the code to log back onto my page.
0000000
Facebook was fine with the original messaging system. I don't want to download another app, it wastes memory on my phone. It's aggravating.
Awesome
Whatever you did this last update, it jacked the app up.
2 updates in 2 days?! Can only post 1 pic at a time now? Fanfuckintastic! Stop "fixing" things! Just...stop!
Awsome app because my girlfriend talk to me
Very kl sooo awesome
Bagus sangat2
Good application
The features are very nice please Trust me it's amazing! !@@
I kept on updating my educational background but after editing and refreshing my timeline, the old information is still displayed. I've done this using my personal computer and my phone but it is still not updating. Kindly fix this. Its irritating.
Great great great just maybe a lol less covert new services n charges I did not order.
Okay
Facebook for Android
Its so fast not slow anymore
I can't go 2 second into any page before it closes. Fix this!!!
La yo chai babbal xa hai...
G
Keeps crashing on galaxy tab 3
Having a Galaxy Tab 3, I've never had an app get worse after uninstalling and reinstalling. But somehow, Facebook manages to. Has a severe thinking problem, and shuts down constantly. Very unhappy with what by now should be a top of the line product.
Just dint like it
Keeps lagging out
It's all good, you people are pathetic and need to learn that not everything was going to be perfect if you want it to be better, you do the programming, you figure out yourself. until then be grateful and quit your bitching.
MY BABY
Just works perefectly
Love fb
Facebook
Its cool
Not even reinstalling it works anymore. This is BS!
Thanks for awesome app!
None of the pics will show on fb since the last update
Your app is kikn me out every time i get into it please fix it
I said awesome
I do have SOME issues with the app. Let's start off by saying this thing updates about once every two minutes. This can be a real pain to people like myself, living in rural areas with horrible internet. Other than that major one, there are a few little dissapointments here and there, but you come to expect that from almost anything. Welcome to life. Other than that, It's the facebook you Know and love, and it's on the platforms in which you are familiar with. I like it, But my lousy review shouldnt stop you from getting it. Results vary, download and see what happens.
thanks facebook team
Good
What a app
Slow, buggy, will lag your phone. Lock screen notifications will render your phone a brick.
great...
EVERY TIME I TRY TO POST OR COMMENT ON A POST I GET KNOCK OFF.
Amazing...I surf  fast and its reliable....I love its graphics
Sign away you constitutional rights to use FB.
It takes so much time to load
Loved Facebook App,was great until it was updated this last time. I do love it but it takes up WAY too much memory for me to even get a text message.
It very kind of slow a little bit
What your mind that's my topic and I have a lot of pages: my readers a chance to express the tells a story I also like the mood its store is far like a talk in Show and it it gets up I have a chance to express they like to make this life
Will no longer open after update, has to be forced closed, freezes phone
Ahhhj so so
Its OK I guess
I don't really like the new message pop up thing
I can't use it on my tablet. It loads then when i TRY to go to my home page.  It goes back to my desktop screen. ....ugh
Nice
I like it:)
Aftet updating, it has been causing my phone, INO Scout, to hang/operate very slow. I have verified it by deleting the app away. Hope FB could do something about it.
Doesn't work most of the time and getting worse by the day.  Shuts down on its own as soon as you klick on a link.
This app is becoming more and more resilient. Thanks for the good work
I can't stand that you keep changing what I want to see. I want the most recent from everyone. Not just who you want me to see. Plus it keeps changing to Top Stories. Don't like that the messaging feature was removed at all. Also don't like how if you click on something and go back it loads back at the beginning or top of the home page. It's so annoying!

Crashes everytime I try to look at a friends profile,  this is my first time using it and so far I'm not impressed
Always an error occurred "!!!!
I love it
Review by EK Borey
Easy
Good
Not so bad
Pics won't load
diffidently going in the wrong direction
Not good canection
Many problems.
ITS THE WORST UPDATE EVER.....it forcing me to install messenger????WHY SHOULD I WHEN I DO NOT WANT AND NEED?????
Yo Ralphie Boy lol
it's good
Facebook is so past its expiration date!
What happen to facebook? Please fix it.
Going back to the web version.  Crashes constantly now.  Hoping for an update or fix soon.  Giving it a few days and then uninstalling
Facebook and meesenger is know trash..it takes a lot of mb to start...and and it also log when it comes to dual core phones...always running and it also affect my games...
I don't like being forced to install another app for messaging. I am unable to reply to a single comment through the app. All the updates slow my phone down, although I have over 20GB still available on my phone.
Videos problem fixed
<3
When I try messaging back friends it says logging out and synced contacts. Please fix :( only browser facebook works
So I upgraded my low-powered tablet to a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 and I'm still having problems. Facebook stalls and shuts down every five minutes or so, for no reason at all. The other day I had to try 5 times to post a birthday greeting on a friend's time line because every time I hit the post button Facebook would crash! I have just uninstalled Facebook, rebooted my tablet, and reinstalled Facebook and it made no difference! So like a lot of other people, I'm over it! Fix this please!
Still bad...automatically close the application.
After update it always not responding!!!  What happened.  ???
Cool
It is crashes my tablet all the time.
Cm
Good
Amazing app, but have one problem  when i press Like or write a Comment and the internet is weak,,, so i login again i see everything i did disappeared!!??  Like i didn't like or comment :-(
I don't think there's any reliability in speed after update app sucks
Keep force closing can't edit anything can't logout correctly app sucks please fix
The new upgrade just wouldn't work as before, keeps hanging and frustrating me
Loved it
Intrusive.
It's alright.
Good
Force close
Removed the app when it loaded all my facebook friends into my contacts. Couldn't remove them without signing out of app.
It is very laggy and too bad that all my other app accounts that connect to my Facebook account must pass through this app.  I was expecting more, much more, from Facebook developers!I use it on my Nook HD+ and Samsung Core 4G.
This doesn't have the ability to share a picture on comments like the one you have if you open facebook using your browser.
Forcing to install messenger no way will i install.
Very good
Its great
Ok
Not he pen
Can you PLEASE add the "Subscribe to a YouTube channel" button to the mobile version when sharing videos? I see it on the desktop version and think it's awesome!! I'm a YouTuber and can use all the help I can get!!! And could you PLEASE fix the emojis?? They don't show up when I post a pic, and they look crazy when I comment on posts. Thank you!!
Legend fb
by:pihikan
Keeps freezing obout to delete it it keeps it up.
Easy to manage...
I tried to download this and it kept deleting.

As other people have said lately when I get out of Facebook the app is still running and I have to force close it/press end active applications. Please fix!! I have galaxy s2 like someone else mentioned with the same problem. Very annoying.
My app is working on wifi only. Updated and checked settings and still not able to use it on 4g
Awesome
Excellent
432280
I would rate it a 5 but I dont see why your  store asks for permission for accessing stuff  on my phone before downloading BTW is BS iphone doesnt why does samsung s5 should really have an option of Yes an No instead of only one choice Yes to have an app installed Playstore really its an evasion of privacy!!!! Easy target for hackers to access info from anyones phone!!!
App closes when i try to open my profile page.  This is happening on two different galaxy tab3's.  Used to work fine.  Fix for 5 star.
Couldn't b download error due to 495
It's really awesome but it stop working like it always kick me out
what's up man..Facebook goin down or what.?
Nice nice
I get mad as f*ck when facebook automatically scrolls me to the top without me allowing it to do so. WTF!
loved it
Logs me out constantly
Good
Fantastic Quality
With the latest update, it's freezes or even locks up my Note II
As soon as i open the app it kickes me off.
Its the slowest version. Always hangs. I just cant enjoy facebook anymore. I uninstall other apps thinking it is the reason why facebook hangs, but im wrong. There is something wrong with this new version. Please fix it.
Not that bad as people say really only thing is downloading after it find it must be people dum phones lol
Sooo slowww, plus after the last update  its been freezing   
Good luck
Don't really care for the intrusiveness of the app, or the idea that my profile isn't so private. But it is what it is..
Nice and beautifull apps.
Pictures WON'T load. .....just keeps spinning and thinking. Too many updates that never fix a problem only causes more issues.
WonDerful
Nearby Friends isn't working!  It keeps asking me to invite people but it won't show me my friends! Very annoying!!! Please fix or tell me how to fix it.  Thanks!
Better than good
Disgusting I can't upload video! !!
have a lot of bugs
I cant upload photos and it crashed all the time..
update allways dropping out
Needs material design update
K
App force closes every time i open it on samsung tablet please fix asap
Best
Keep shuting down
can you make it where we can see the number of friends we have
Wont let me save photos or share. WTF?????? Go back to the old Fb. This new update sux
Pls bring back the time when your going to comment with a picture you can look it up on an album/folder cuz its hard to scroll through hundreds of pictures just to find one
App ducks, every time I go somewhere in Facebook it totally closes and I have to start over again
K lv
facebook
does it keep on crashing?! -_-
Love it
Very useful
Good
Easy to use need mne cloise too grandbabies......
I gived 5¡î for an old time but now.. why should we install messenger for sending msgs fix that on the next update please and I give it 5 stars back .
Works well!!
What IT department do you guys have? I don't understand how you guys have 3 updates in 1 month, start thinking about getting a new IT department
:-)
Its so fun I deleted it for more memory but I can't live without it!!!!!!!!!!!
Very slow
I wish you can add an option for downloading videos cuz there is some videos which I like and I wish to download , cant download it except by opening the browser , I would give this app 5 stars for an option like this
now my posts dont load and irs slower since the last update it take forever to post and or recieve notifications plz fix because this is geting annoying
Good
Always will love it
So large just to need another app.
foolishness
Turning notifications on and off isn't working properly
it's just so much  bull crap how big brother wants to get inside our phones I'm deleting crapy app and messaged I'll use snap chat to talk to everyone
Lo mas vueno
Doesn't let me make changes to my account or change my profile picture. Really would love if you would fix this soon!
Updates are supposed to be an IMPROVEMENT!  NOW the app freezes and just closes down after scrolling a few pages down on mobile ?  STILL Disappointed.  Please fix.
App continuously crashes on my Tab3. Fix this already. Garbage unless its fixed.
Bush beer 1
Bczzz in ths app we connected each other easilyyy . .
Love it
I like it b/c I had for so long I got use to it it I  nic  yu can play games and msg friends.

Facebook
App does not stay open, i have had to install and unstall a couple of times. Im finally deleting and not going to install any anymore.  It's too frustrating.
Why do I need an app for messenger. It is not needed and its a big waste. Fb worked just fine and faster when messenger was a part of the main app. And BTW how does it require so much space to do so little. I know apps that do more on an update with much less space required. Please put messenger back on fb
Yall are nosey,stop trying to be in ppl bizness......
That's just it.  I can't use it on my phone.
Its awesome that pretty much explains about it
My Facebook keeps refreshing in the middle of me reading a post. It's driving me insane!!!! I don't get to read half of it.
Doesn't start after several tries to reinstall...
Whenever I try to add a photo it locks up before I can even select them.
Everyones has one so might as well !
Fix it ever since I did the update it now has a big habit of shuting down and sending you back to your home screen......I don't understand why no one addresses this problem.
NA
five star
As soon as I get on the app and hit on a feature its exit me out of the app. It doesn't do this on my galaxy s4, but it does on this tablet. Please fix it
Cool
Awesome works for everything
Facebook
On my tablet s3 as soon as i touch the screen in any part of facebook it shuts down, please fix and i will re-rate you
Font size is small on large tabs. No option to change font in app and increasing system font size is not applied
The new update is dumb. I have friends on my friends list I never added. I can't look at most post it's dumb and it's making me mad.
Ela..
It's constantly not responding since the new update. I'm about ready to just uninstall it and say the hell with it all together.
Wont even work now
I really like Facebook. Every day user...
Recently i had updated the app and after that it is not opening at all. Evrytym when i try to log in it says "App not responding". Please fix this on priority.
Loaded that stupid messenger and it screwed up Facebook. Tried to reinstall Facebook and got this 22 error. Now an error -24 wonderful!!!! Still error -24, are they ever going to fix this stupid thing? Tried again. One month later. Still error -24. Just shows that they don't even read these comments. It's a piece of garbage.
After I updated it, it won't even open! Make a solution!
Ela..
App closes itself every time i click on anything
I use to be able to save pictures on Facebook from my profile now I am no longer able to which sucks.
A "must install".
marvelous
I use my Samsung galaxy tab 3 for fb and up untill 2 weeks ago everything was fine but now i can barely open the app without it closing on me! The app has no issues on my Samsung s4 phone .. go figure. I have re booted my tablet too many times to count  and uninstalled the app twice and it's still messing up. Fix the flaming problem!!
I would like to know if I am the only one who the app isn't closing for its staying up in the background and eating my data even after I close it
Someone haxed me right off the start
It is very good and u can see ur friends and much more
Good
Use up my data as default option then force me to spam my phone with messenger, and now if I touch messages in fb it freezes, really on the up and up... Eh? PS missing a lot of news feeds from friends that are being followed, the box IS checked. Tempted to delete, I still can pull a good party via phone calls and texts.

Stupid app i cant download it,if i download it,it started saying"duplicate error"like a milion times
I don't want Facebook to decide what they think are the top posts. Just make Most Recent the default news feed.
Only thing i dont like is that it forces to get messanger
Like others have said STOP THE SYNCING BULLSHIT!!!!
Good to talk to friends
I cant log in =[
Takes forever to refresh only to show me posts from yesterday or beyond.  The app is getting worse.
Its amazing!
The loading speed of photo and notes is very SLOW since the previous two update, it tooks around 1-5minute for just a note or a photo
It would rate better if it wasn't so slow it has two speeds slow n stop lets see if it improves
Works really well
5 days already still  Lost my facebook account.what is going on....
Thanks for reversing some of the changes. Now there's only one more thing to do. Put "Most recent" as the default news feed!!!! C'mon, you know you wanna make your users happy. This will reduce my data usage dramatically! I don't need to see the same stories over and over again, or things from 3 or 4 days ago. Everybody, chant with me. "MOST RECENT,  MOST RECENT, MOST RECENT, MOST RECENT!"
Can not play video clips from stream
Lush push
Good
Love her new video!! Great job PINK!!!!!
It is because it is completely hard  so that is why I don't like it
On my tab s 10.5 each Facebook story is displayed all the way across the screen in landscape mode this means a story takes up the entire page which isn't exactly terrible but very irritating!  Twitter puts a margin at either side to sort this, please fix
Super
Awesome :-)
Slow&sluggish. Have named this app h8book-it has become an easy method 4people to send endless msgs that make u feel like ending yr life-esp from facebook messenger, horrible when it goes on for days,:'(
When I'm done using the app, I press the back button to "exit" the app but the app keeps active in the background, when before it used to close for sure... what's happening?
Love it
Every now and then it crashes and freezes or wont load what i want i click on a pic and instead it gives me the comments or it would load and notifications.... and tge whole moving the messages to the stupid app was retarded... its taking up unneeded space and i was ok with the old way now my posts dont load and irs slower since the last update
Awesome
All I see is the pages I have liked I see none of my friends post I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling but didn't work I know it's the app cause everything is fine on my computer or i to Facebook through my browser and click on desktop view I've gone to help and posted and have not gotten a response so hopefully someone here will help
Very cool
Ms eden
It is faster Connecting to my Facebook!
Keeps randomly crashing
Thnku so much facebook for tht picture sync option i found my crush photo back thnku so so so mch....
Awesome!
Same story for the last few years, the app improves at a slow pace with a mixture of poor feature implementations and useful additions.
anything you want to know is there
Very good
My Facebook app just doesn't work smooth like it used to since it updated it self! It's probably loaded with a bunch of Spyware!  Sucks
Nice
Works alot better. Having no faults like before
Tablet updated today now FB is playing up, maybe a FB update needed.update still can't use it even after the latest updates.  Uninstalled and restarted but still no good.
I think nosing in people's private messages is total invasion of privacy and no fb user should be made to use the messanger in order to send a friend a private message from their cell phone. I really want the old fb back
IT'S OK WHEN IT'S NOT STOPPING WHICH SEEMS TO HAPPEN A LOT...
It keeps force closing on its own
Kind of sick of it. The messenger app too
OK loooh
is love
V5
People are hacking Facebook and I had to close my account several times.I'm guving fb one last chance.isn't there any tracking for hackers? I'm so tired of this.This is why I don't add my phone number.Please do something about it!!

Serves its purpose
Taking too much ram wether you used it or not and can't uninstall..!! Bull-Ship happens sometimes..!!
Everytime I go on fb for a few minutes it crash every single time. Plz fix this ASAP
Facebook is cool! :-)
This app am very sorry bt it's unhelpful bcz ryt now I have been downloading facebook its all most 2 hours now still reading no it's unfajr bcz the more jt reads the more I lose a lot in data bundles so I rate it +- 1%
Had to uninstall and reinstall because the chat woulden't work please try to fix
Awesome
Loven  it!!!
Facebook is the best app to stay connected with family, friends and everything...
It freezes. A lot. When I open the app sometimes just stops working and I need to uninstall and reinstall for it to work again.
your last update really slowed down my phone... never had this problem until new update... what can I do?
Will give a 5 star when problems are fixed.  I keep getting bounced off.  I can't even get into help to find some repairs, it boots me out of facebook, as well if i try to read a  comment,  like, share, etc.  Please fix this problem asap.
Best
Cant comment or like or anything. Everytime i touch a link to action, it closes. How can this get any worse, but it does .. uninstalled/reinstalled, same thing. Not Proffessional, hate it now. Samsung Tablet
wonderfull
Hate this app.
Keeping family and friends together a place to communicate unify learn teach and  alot more .this new update is lagging and makig my phone very hot 150 and up hot need to fix
FACEBOOK
Bar tender
Pogi ako
Won't even download it says error downloading
When i saw 5 min its automatically closed
Yeah
Nexus 4 KitKat 4.4.4 art . very slow to load and lots of hangs. Ello is fast and clean.
You know this
Closes all the time used to be fine until the last few updates. Now i don't have facebook anymore sorry it came to this but my patience wore out.
Doesn't even deserve 1 star without the messenger! Drains battery and destroys it. Uses too much storage space and data. Extremely slow. Invades privacy. Buggy. This app used to be good, emphasis on 'used to be'! Zuckerberg, please focus on FB, this app and all the user's and their comments and not on every other app you are trying to ruin for us (whatsapp)! Just scrap the separate messenger app already!
Majority of the posts say that they where posted juat now
All of a sudden it just closes.  Many times per day.  Still happening after at least 2  updates!  Fix this please.  Very annoying.  Happening more and more now.  I hardly use it anymore now
It worked great at first.  After an update all it did was crash.  I uninstalled it.  I gave up
if you guys saying that its not starting/responding u just have a turtle phone
Unnecessary datas has been collected and stored in device unable to clear it by using clear data it accumulates again even after logging out.
Can't use the app for more than a minute at a time without it crashing. I can't search people/places, like or comment, go to my profile and can't go through my newsfeed. Tried un installing and re installing, nothing changes
Yay
...what it is.
nice app for public
It's best
This app needs serious work. It's constantly freezes and I have to go to app manager and force it to stop then log back in just to update my news feed. Will rate again if problems fixed.
Love it!!!
This is cool
Get a bloody life
All of the above.
nice
Very entertaining
Omg facebook is the best app ever you can text your friends and family and.play fun games  I cant live without it!!!
Thanks
Much prefer the Web version, sick of all the crap they keep forcing on you with each update too, not impressed
It wouldn't let me upload the Facebook..
Try to read an article, and the browser will open, but the page itself won't. Go back and forth between FB and browser and no change. Betting this had something to do with the awful "Facebook browser" that was forced upon us and turned on by default so you could collect your click data. :)
App loads so slowly, and not a fan of prying into my privacy.  Will be deleting.
I have to open and close the app to see comments. Its running something terrible.
Oak
Ok mon
Sometimes facebook picks the picture's for me when i upload em on FB.
Hi
Facebook
Suckss
Plz ads the option direct save videos to phone.
Nosey time
Is ok
Facebook is stupid because it's all drama on Facebook I don't really care for it any more.....
It is good!
The app keeps crashing when i try to go into my homepage or friends pages along with issues posting statuses and photos. It seems alot of other people are having the same issues This is only on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 please try to fix this asap
Facebook
Poor much... Dli masaligan nga app
Very good application
its freaking awsome Facebook is my life
Very nice
Can't move to sd card
Frnd fore ever
Like it
No need to comment everyone knows what's up with Facebook.... All Good...
Don't install automatically did not want this update
Got my new phone do excited until I tried to sign into Facebook I have nothing I have uninstalled it reinstalled updated you name I have done so now I'm stuck trying to reestablish my friends list and even now in still not getting my Facebook feed
loved it
No option for changing the pfrivacy of the album pls add..ty
Good
Messenger is crap on facebook remove messenger now or else
The app stop and close from it self.
Why did you closed the chat?? ?
After sometimes app. Dnt work.... Take too much time to load images...
It takes up too much memory on my phone. And then forcing people to download the messe.messenger app. No thank you! Fb takes up enough memory as it is. No room for the messenger app that is to me redundant.
This app on my Samsung Galaxy S3 always closes when trying to do anything
Very slow!
No reply to comment, messanger, size of app, even one star is too much
I
Uummmm....its fb.
Its better then nano transcievers that read my mind . The truth is people have been using this type of tech. For a long time. Mind control thoughts control , its all real and the public needs to be warned. God save us.
It keeps closing out every time i try to get on . Very annoying please fix it...
Too slow to download!!!!
Yes face
Messenger messed up my phone & contacts when I accidentally installed & still trying to fix stuff after I uninstalled messenger. Too many people invited to be my friends with whom I have no affiliation. Frustrated with not being to choose pictures from other files / albums besides camera roll. I just like to use Facebook as a basic way of keeping in touch with friends & family.
Poor Facebook app.. too slow.. and why the hell you required almost all permissions? are you guys going to SPY us? Insan ban jao chawalo
I can't stand messanger. I don't want to be obliged to install it in order to read or send messages to my friends. I want to choose what to use !!!!!
Great
Rubbish,  too slow,  can't add movies
The messenger app is redundant, I want to check messages without opening a separate app.
Since update I can't use without force closing on me
The newest update keeps crashing when I try opening the app. It is annoying and time wasting. Do something about it or people will turn away from it.    UPDATE: Still no improvement despite the update you've made. It crashes even worse and my device either freezes or hangs because of the new update. Worse, worse, worse! I think I'll switch to browser facebook which is more responsive and reliable
Okay, for one. I don't need automatic sync. I don't talk to most of my friends outside of fb! If I wanted their numbers, I would add them. For two, it keeps crashing! Next, I do not want messenger. It slows down my phone to the point of dial up speed. Get it together fb! Your users aren't happy with you!
1 So my contacts were synced without asking    2most pictures don't load  .. fix it . It gets worse every time I update.  Stop that until you will actually add something new.
Nice
When I don't update facebook on my phone it doesn't work. When I update it, it still doesn't work.every update you do it eats more of my phone memory it's ridiculous. Please make updates small at not big....
Its a good app to have if u have a facebook account because it makes it easier to sign in
I am so tired of having to delete something off my phone to update this every week.
Every update you the developer makes is terrible for the longest time. Just stop already.
Pretty intrusive for an app. Uninstall.
Updates and bug fixes and now speed reliability. Awesome. Thanks
No complaints!
memeleeerrr translate that on google type memeler
Good but could use a bit of work.
O
We want everything all in one app so stupid I'm so aggravated just to reply to a message I had to download the other stupid app
Huge lags
Very Good
Ok
Not sure when the latest update came out but the nearby friends portion no longer works.
So far so good
It takes up too much disk space on my phone. I only have two apps kik and messanger.cboth are vital
Quality
Since the latest update, Facebook has been responsible for cutting my battery life in half. It's draining twice as much power than the screen, while in the background!
Bad application. Useless. Dont update. This one old verson.
I am not happy!!! This latest update is making my phone close and the app keeps running. I can't scroll down news feed far before it sends back to the top. I don't want notifications on so turned them off,but still keep getting them. Feeling REALLY cross!
It is good app but slow
I like the iPhone facebook app better than the android app but it's still okay
Galaxy s5
It' to easy for anybody to hag into.It happend to me.
A must have
Garbage I can't not use the messenger
I simply LUV THIS APP
Works really well
App freezes. Try to add a photo and tag it?  App freezes. Want to add a pic from a folder other than camera?  Nope, move pic from folder, open Facebook then add. One added, re open app, click picture, then tag. No option to click and save a photo. Seriously, iPhone had a better app
First of all i couldnt even go on facebook with the dumb app so... facebook can record me  without permission. My solution put tape over my camera plus all you'll find is im a very wierd person anyway ;)
I love fb
Face book
Such doge so good very great wow
This is a very easy to use app and easy to maneuver around, with no problem.
Better than before but very slow on internet data packages..... U can't always have WiFi in Ur pocket......
Boht a cha lakin chalta nahi I like it
send too many alerts
My only complaint is the messenger app.  I don't want it but every time I sign on there it is, AGAIN, trying to get me to use it!  Other then that I haven't had any problems w/this app.
wassup its the best app
NO MORE TOP NEWS!!!!!!!!!
Seems like since update the other month it uses a lot more data.
Bad
I keep getting an unexpected error when trying to download the app on my note II what's wrong?
I posted 2 pics to Facebook and it says I posted 2 pics.  But it only shows 1 pic.  Can't find the  second pic in any of my albums.  Why is this happening?
I'm forced to use the mobile site because the app will not show all the posts in a custom list. When someone creates a custom list they want to see all posts from those in the list. Why oh why can't you get this right Facebook?
Having trouble with facebook running, no sooner than I bring it up it closes
Buggy and crash ridden piece of $#1t!
I love it
It's ok
Wwe  wrestling
Kyle
Never had a problem until a few weeks ago.I can scroll at times and then it will close. Rebooted the tablet and the problem is still there.
Had enough of it freezing and crashing every time I use it.
Needs more.....
Very faster
I like facebook
Just love it
Book
Its Best
worst app
As good as it was, it's now absolutely frustrating. Just closes on any click. FACEBOOK ADMINISTRATORS please sort this out.
Photo select bad. Cannot custom your posts as to who views except in categories. Have to download messenger too to send messages. Pretty poor really
Goodjob
It is so slow when it comes on posting
I liked
Can't access my photo albums. After 10-15 seconds, the screen goes blank. GalaxyS4
Not responding it contain virus
at first i gave this app a 5 star but ever since then it's only gone down hill. when did Facebook get so controlling. if i try to scroll through for a while and start reading something Facebook decides for me that i'm done reading before i can get past the first 4 words and now it's not letting me see any pictures past 5 or 6 posts no matter who they're from. it's getting ridiculous!
Great
Facebook has gone from suck...to blow.
does work on my phone
It won't let me down load it
Good
When uploading pictures either to a comment or to my wall, I don't get the option to select from an album. All pictures appear and if it's an old picture, I have to scroll for it and hope I can find it. All my other social media apps allow me to select an album first. Also, when looking at comments, I cannot tell which comments are replies to other comments which makes everything really confusing. I cannot reply to comments directly. Returning to a post after clicking on an external link is a pain.
Good
Keeps shutting down
This app helps me to quckily login... Uploading photos has become easy i even like the format
Although I love Facebook because it helps me stay up to date with my friends, I am giving it only two stars because it takes up entirely too much space! Unlike many people, I don't have a very fancy phone so I do not have a ton of internal memory, and the Facebook app, along with the Messenger app take up most of my internal storage. If you could possibly decrease the amount of space your app takes up, I will definitely give it five stars, but for now I'm actually tempted to delete it from my phone!
Freezers all the time, the app drops out more times now then it did before the update
Good
I would give it 5 stars if it didnt crash everytime i opened it needs to be fixed
Good for everybody to make many friends
Nigga
Good
Low and behold after holding off on updating this app it automatically forces the app closed and updates it itself. Totally retarded I will now delete it. Private information is private information if I wanted to sync all contacts and stuff I would've this is so dissapointing that it's at the point of doing everything itself without having the user choose for it. Its only a matter of time till it fizzles out like other social networks that have tried to pull this stunt.
Supah like
Tablet version is bad
No Video downloading
Cant sync fb friends to my contacts
All sharing within the app or from external sources dont work on the Note 4

Excellent service
I can barely use the app anymore,  it constantly shuts down on me!
Never had a problem with FB. I love going on and checking out what my friends from high school are up to. It's great.
Gud loveeeeeeeeee it
mellisa lopez
Bumps me out at every action.  Think I'll just use the website and quit on the app, seems they quit on me.
Waiting for an update now...it is always running in the background.please provide an update.
Crashes every time,  cant even use it

If using This Facebook application with huawei p7 mobile. Not working any Facebook sher Video's. please try to make useful. Thanks
Excellent communication
Awesome
Love
It works but its slow
Avni
Great Apollo
Its ok
Facebook has went to sh*t. Forcing us to download a messenger ap now it just plain doesn't work. It crashes on me constantly. I have to use the desktop version which isn't any better. And even after continuous updating the same problems exist. Still sucks. Slow as hell. FIX IT!
Cant download it at all its stuck on 93% what the f*** apple phones are better then this crap
5 stars
So far so good, please fix the bugs and give best of facebook
Notifications and friend requests wont refresh !! I am getting push notifications for comments but they are not visible when I access the application !
I love the app... But to many updates!
That virson is good but its lot of spase cover in that phone....
I wish I could give this less stars. Why does it jump to the top while im reading something!!
Why this is happening to my fb dat stills n stop working every after 1 min plz fix this problemmmm.
App crashes on Samsung tablet.
It love
Face book
Ok
I like it
Too good application
Good
People must stop forcing to be on my contact list.... how do I make my face book private
It doesn't open links
This is too good for daily user
Bash Iran and  Uddin Bashir Uddin
Fb need a new update every single week tf this is gettin annoyin they need to stop it n they need to stop trying  gettin into my business fr 
Nice app
It's really clever when you think of a witty reply to one of your friends posts.... What's not so clever is when you do post fb chooses to not include it and the moment passes, so when and if your post does appear it's way out of sequence ! Grrrr .... It's still doing get it f##king sorted !
Hate messenger
Nayea
Great way to stay connected!!
Its needing a dislike button
Good
Slow, buggy and ugly. Get a grip, Facebook.
Paaaaaatraaaawaaaaalaaaaaa
Nice
Good app
It says they have made this app better  with reliability  and speed, so how come my push notifications still never work properly
Its is ok but I prefer instagram after all i am onley 11
Staying in touch wirh friends and family
Works good for me
Will not stay open, I have to use my Facebook thru my browser because this app has turned into crap. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it. Fix it or I'm uninstalling for good.
Only one star because It is too slow on my phone it always force close please improve it fo a GT - 5300 samsung galaxy pocket of android 2.3.6
I try to get on it and it logs me right off
This app always crashes...
Error loading timeline..
Www .goodbye
good app
Facebook
It won't let me send or accept friend requests it's a waste of space
Ok
Its is a waste app kindly don't use facebook messenger, we can't message other than our contacts and I it is forcing me to install the messenger
Toonice
I have this error that on messenger it always says last seen 8h ago.also on instagram at posts.anyone else with this problem?
Anables u to find more freinds,chat and post
Hehe
Good
Why does the updated version always takes more and more memory space every time??? And speaking of speed reliability, this app just freezes so often! You need to work on this!
Good in uset
Superb.....
Stalls constantly. Won't  load. Every other update sucks worse than the previous  update. It's  one step forward and  3 steps back.
Good
Ok
App constantly closes. So annoying. I have to open it in my browser now. Please fix.
Cool
Only thing I don't like is the forced Facebook messenger.
Awesome
Screen constantly closes, cannot search or comment. Useless!
ace
Nice
Of battery and time,.it took long minutes just to open and always respond w/ 'facebook not responding
Lol
sir pls help me I am getting files named facebook.katana and facebook.ocra in my file manager what are those files.. useful / virus related?
It is good
Love it
Super
super
STOP FORCE SYNCING MY CONTACTS! You've either introduced a bug or you really are deliberately doing this!
Nice...
When I delete, it does not delete.  I have a lot of information that I no longer want in my Facebook and can't get rid of.
125000000
Option to copy and save texts isn't available... such a basic function
Good
Vb
just won't work for me. can't get into FB without uninstalling and then reinstalling and even then can't get passed the log in and error message. extremely frustrating!
Install extra messanger:(
Why does Facebook need to know my browsing history and what apps are running? Facebook stay out of my personal life. Overall good app but just a little strange.
The app keeps kicking me out on my galaxy tab. What is going on with Facebook Apps? My galaxy S4 want let me post either.
I ALWAYS LIKE TO CHECK OUT ALL MY MORTAL KOMBAT FAMILY, COUSIN & FRIENDS ON FACEBOOK TO KNOW THEM WELL CLOSE TO ME IN EXCELLCENT LOOK LIKE A GOOGLE MAP SEARCH AROUND THE WORLD PROFESSIONAL.
Best thing ever because all my family I can talk to
It won't work
Good
Nice
This app will not work on my new refurbished tablet
Face book
great app but after last update your like pages still disappear after a refresh I've reported this but no reply as yet still not as good as the iPhone version still laggy
Piss-poor performance as usual. The latest update made the load time infuriatingly slow and this on a Note 3. Force closes a lot too.
I always liked Facebook ..  I'm just wondering if I have the new version!?
cepat,tepat..
Interesting
It's my way to keep in touch. I've found friends I had lost contact with. I love fb.
Some features like remove tag etc are not available
It's perfect....
Super but could have messages in it
I don't like that u have 2 download the messenger app 2 message now and I don't like that they can invade your privacy anytime they want and if u download the messenger app they make u agree 2 let them invade your privacy or u can't het the app and without u can't check or send your messages from your phone
Good
Good
Kanpur
Is still out of sync ffs can't u lot do any thing right
Yaa
Much faster
So many bugs you cannot use it.
Samadhan
Needs To Show If A Non Friend Is Following You. Needs To Show How Many Friends Somebody Has When You Go To Their Page
This is very best application I like it
Needs to be made possible plus do you really need all these permissions?
I hate it
Getting better nd better .. (Y) ¡î
No, I don't want to sign up for Facebook messenger! (it's a breach of my privacy) No, I don't want my newsfeed to randomly update to show me the newest posts when I'm scrolling through things I haven't yet read or am in the middle of reading a post! No, I don't want every link I click on to open a Facebook browser tab first rather than just opening in my chosen app. (Ex: Huffington Post links should open directly in my HP app) Yes, I do want to share posts in a private message like I can using a browser.
after upgraded my phone to kitkat,i cant install
I love having a site to keep in touch with my family and friends.
Stop trying to take over my phone. Just let me socialize without a fifth party in the background recording it all.
Very easy
ITS THE WORST UPDATE EVER
Dont understand what justification there is for insisting on access to phone camera. Its creepy
Good
~Slow...Photos Take Forever To Show Up...Freezes my Phone..Is Too BIG..Drains Battery..Says "No Internet Connection" When Connected To The Internet...FIX. THIS. YESTERDAY.
Its okay I don't like the way it looks
Like
The app isn't working and wont load anything. It freezes and closes on my Samsung galaxy centura. Sometimes it won't even close just stays frozen till I have to physically take the battery out because the power button wont even work... What's wrong? And the messenger is crap. Why did we have to be forced into downloading another app just to message people through Facebook!?
Fast
Jat aarmi
Good
I want it 15MB download Facebook.
I like it but..... FaceBook is stupid app i ever got this just stupid cavemans did not need a phone or facebook stupid hate it
I like it...
Has gotten faster and more responsive but still can't edit comments on Nexus 5. ** A year later and I still can't edit posts. ***
sick of force
Don't trust all the information it asks for. Spying .????
Drinks a lot of memory. Repair this. Then it is worth a 4star. Or at least make it movable to SD Card.
Horrible app... do not install!  You can not navigate to other pages you manage or access messages.  App shuts down constantly when you like,  comment or try to access messages.  Basically quits with every function. Awful-extremely unhappy.
Just doesn't let me do anything. The app crashes again and again. Tried uninstalling and reinstalled multiple times.
Its a amazing app but to many mb
Free feasbook call
FB
The app updated itself a few days ago and suddenly all my Facebook friends are in my phone contacts. The only option to remove them is to hide them one by one. No thanks! Easier altogether to stop using the app.
Gud app for fb
Good apps
Fb forcing me to install fb msger and getting all infos of my private life, im getting a feeling fb is becoming the "overly attached gf" stop trying to make the msger happen, cause it aint and stop snooping through my phonebook & contacts !
Yogesh
Not only is this app a major privacy issue constantly trying to force its way into our contacta, but it wants us to download the messenger as well. Ill just log in through the internet.
The app isn't working and wont load anything. What's wrong? And the messenger is crap. Why did we have to be forced into downloading another app just to message people through Facebook!?
How do you do
love it
Super
I have several Android devices and I installed this Facebook app but so far I don't have the app misbehaving,if you do encounter the app misbehave,then try to access Facebook via web browser.The only thing that I would like to suggest is I hope the developer will make it looks more genuine just like the iOS version,in the UI and try to enhance the possibility without having eating up too much storage space.
Social animal's favourite book
um its fun and luv it dont care what noone. says
so lovin ma slef
e
Keeps crushing, won't load some pictures, too much of cache filling (app goes up to 300 MB)
Why release an update when the next day u release another update? Please ensure the update are stable before u release it to us. Huh.
For an older version
The wonderfull communication technology for humans
Lil Bitchh
Faster
Keeps force syncing with my phone after I continue to turn off sync. Setting should be there for my benefit and needs, not what Facebook wants.  And Screen goes blank if I try to put an edit on photo.
Facebook
Hasn't worked correctly since last update
Down
Luv it
Need an update for my Galaxy Tab S and Note 4 as it does not have a finger print feature to login instead of typing my password
Down to the last star because there is no way to default sorting posts by most recent. And now I have to dig for the most recent feed every freaking time. Worthless pile of...
Thanx problem fixed, this app is Facebook on you're phone if you like it on a PC now its on your phone
Keep having to force close it
one would think FB was the only Mico spying data retrieval system out there
disaster
nice
Its a fresh app
Ok
Sivagami
Always on it. Love it
It blows major butt hole... cant do nothing on it... almost to the point of uninstalling for good....
Consumo di memoria spaventoso, e rimane costantemente attiva. Meno male che esiste Greenify. E AppOps
I still wish i didnt need it.
Facebook good social network
I don't care about the Top stories on my news feed. I want to see most recent posts.
Ok
Super its fine its works
Bash Iran and  Uddin Bashir Uddin
t
New privacy terms are horrid! Stop sending the messenger app request.never will agree to these terms!
After. Updating the FB became still slow
Very nice  unique
can chat to friends quicker
Facebook Downloading
khan
Awsome
Simply the best..
Facebook
Keeps crashing
nice
oscar
the share picture on a friends wall is broken. i select the picture then the window closes and returns to the main news feed... samsung s3
Do you guys just not care about making this app better or what?! PUT THE SORTYOUR TIMELINE OPTION ON THE APP! PLEASE!
Janeta
Lula
It need to uninstall it then reinstall again to work, it freeze many times can't post status , really I start hating Facebook because of this android application, really I hate Facebook android app
Invasion
Nice app for handle my fb account..
Why do rhey need to ne so nosy.
Good
I just love it...
Facebook
Septacula
Good
Its good to knowing another unknowing persons...
Simple beauty.
Nice
Its OK but very slow .....
Awesome
Gooooooooooood
K mojaes raem
not working
Almost every time I try to open it
Average
Force closing every time I try to use it. Very annoying! I report it like 5 times a day and still not fixed.
I just luv it
P
Works most of the time!?

GT1908.
good
K
It is getting stuck suddenly. Not responding to the posts we share. The app is not working properly some times
This app is one of the best apps i've ever used but there's just one small tiny problem....doesn't let me make most recent the default news feed...only most popular....i don't care what's most popular unless it's about me so let me change it then i'll give 5 stars
Stop forcing things on us just because we want to use the fb app it's like taking away our rights and our voice. This messenger app gives fb the authority to  post pics, go into our contacts and basically run our phone the way they see fit. This really sucks.
gut
Awesome
Nice applications
Yes
It does not work
Refuses to open. Just get a black screen and a not responding message. I am uninstalling and reinstalling to see if this fixes it. If not I will be uninstalling it until you fix the issue.
Keeps freezing and closing down a lot of ppl are having trouble with it too on Samsung and iPhone please fix!!!
Please STOP FORCING...!!!
It's a very good website to stay in contact w/ does you haven't heard from
Horrible
This along with messenger takes up a lot of space. I might just use the mobile website...
Facebook
It is good ncxa
Facebook
Awesome!!
For some reason FB keeps freezin up now? Have used for yrs with no problems and last few days it kept freezin, makin my entire ph resond verrry slow & just wont work? I uninstalled & reinstalled several times and get error messages/app wont fully install. I had to keep it off my phone now & have to access FB thru my net connection on my ph instead which sux...no alerts, etc. Dont know what they changed but need to unchange whatever it was? Think I did 2 updates within last week & thats when probs started.
U
Love it
It's okay!!
Use the mobile Facebook app, the main FB site, or Google +. Fed up with the auto refresh losing my place in news feeds, and the frustrating scrolling to recover my feed. Not going to use Messenger, which is intrusive and resource hungry. Not going to accept the new privacy intrusions from FB. It's all about ads ads ads now. Greedy FB, greedy. I'm deleting this app. It's been slated since the last update, never getting more than 1* And new feature: you can no longer open content in a seperate tab. Links are now opened within the Facebook app itself,  and that means third party content often cannot be saved. Horrendous app. What on earth were they thinking to push this on the public,
Good
Why its so slow on Sony xperia x8. Make it faster pls. And get it 5 stars.
Loveeeeeeeeee it so much I can go
Put an option on the friends list so i can change whi views it.
Lolsss post not working image not showing
Raja
It will do

Love.. Love... Love...
It sticks on 93% whilst downloading
it is an wonderful app it makes our friends who were not in touch with us and make it possible thanks for such apps
Something needs to be done.
i usually lend my phone for fb.. there's a bug occurring.. keeps coming back to the last account that is accessed.. help
force me to install me messenger app even though i have 1 pre installed facebook app.!!its looks like jump 2 other app.
Pretty good in my experience
it
This app keeps automatically closing on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 & I have reported it to FB & they have done nothing!!! WTF???
Needs seeparate app to manage pages and alot . Crashes in my tab 2 . Waste of memory better not to use .
fr3@k!!! i always need to clear data!!! eating so much capacity at my phone just login a little while, and my phone memory splash!!! no phone space please fix this >_< (unsatisfied) exsample: not log in yet, 23.?? mb. then accessing my account for a while and not yet log in. then booooom the phone capacity is 73 above mb!!!!!!! how about the others, without enough space to access facebook. arrrrghhhhh i can't describe the reactions of them
Security breach nightmare. Goodbye.
Update this Facebook app to support material design like google+ and tumbler...
I have a problem accepting friend requests
It Doesn't Work
Hh
far away from the PC version
Awesome
Good
Night mode is essential which should give cool display for readers. If you make it I'll give you 5 stars with full heart....
Its not working..
Since update last night,  Facebook totally freezes up on my Galaxy S 4. Really bad update
On my phone it work very fast and dosent crash, but on my tablet it keeps crashing when i look at what my friends comment on my statuses, plz fix for five stars
In apple devices when you go to albums you can see their videos and not on android which is really annoying!!
Ek no
K
Some images are not loading. Even in my 4G network.
The new update is trash!

Fine but sometim
Ever since i updated it, it crashes every five minutes. NOT IMPRESSED. With how technology has improved so much in the last few years i'm sure somebody should have figured out how to make this stop by now. About to delete the app and use fb in my browser.
You shouldn't need so much access to our personal information. We allow you ibto our lives so much already.
Please fix the problem it takes bery memory
Awesome app , you need just to  optimize the app for speed . thanks
Easy to use look awesome looking good
Pls i want to change my name and i want to change my name before i click the rewind name and say that your name. Pls tne next update can change name 4ever and ever
Hi
i like it
Awesome is this i m happy
I love it
Nice apps
Good
Its a social network
I like to use Facebook
Nazmudd
Aku lake you oke?
It crashes all the time, even with updates. My tablet isn't even a year old and even when it's the only app running this still happens.
I wish I can give it a 0!!
I love facebook but it keeps kicking md out on. This galaxy tab why ever sense I did up date. I hzve uninstalled many time and still boots me out but works great on galazy phone.
Good
Good, but can you ask us not to add our numbers?
Cant install unknown error code
But stop forcing to use your messenger. ........... but it's gud
Love Facebook!
I have discovered the app works fine only if I turn off WiFi and use my cell network. This is not just at home. Anywhere I use WiFi, I have to use the web browser to get on Facebook. Since most people connect via WiFi most of the time, this makes the app virtually useless.
Baddm
Nth
H
Cool
5 star
It always force close and wont open anymore. That's bullcrap.
Since the last update the app stays running and you have to force close or end task. It used to close when you back out.
:)
Nothing man.
It should redirect us to gallery instead of just showing the most recent images/videos.
Very good
It is working fine and easy to post and share and like. I like it
It's a good way to keep up with family and friends. But every now and then you have trouble getting factbook to load. But other than That is good.
It's awesome and all but I wanna be able to add it to my SD card to save space
Why new permissions
Simple & Easy
Facebook keeps me in touch in ways that phone and the few times a year we ACTUALLY see each other.
I have never had so much trouble with fb threw Google play.  Evert time i click on anything it shuts down.
Walidhakim
Work very well as the point of fun and very affordable to outsource your house is not good enough to u doing the point of view online marketing is champions league
On iPhone but now pretty good on my S5
It shuts down whenever I open it and when I do get it to stay open it closes if I try to comment or look at anything or post IT SUCKS seriously thinking of deleting my account tired of dealing with bullshit
awesome application of Facebook team
Hii.....hi.
Love it.. awesome
Love the app but keeps crashing, please fix this
Its stupid
My app keeps kicking me out of Facebook.  How annoying! I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
I love it
Hair everyone
This is very nice messanger
Loved the UI on Android Mobile
Nice
Love it
Very good application...
I like and I love it
No comment any budy khnows facebook nomber1 in the world
Every time I want to use this I have to force stop the app then wait for about AT LEAST 4 minutes for it to then load and start up
Good
I hate to use messenger >< Make my phone so sloooow
What happened to the in app browser? I had it for 2 days!
Hahahaj
i just love it
Achi hy app
Nocomment
Cok iyii muthis bayildimim. :)
Brain developments
Is there a need to rate this app? It's Facebook.  People will still download it even if it's 1 star
Not working
User friendly
This apps good but not download any video only watch video.
Getting Better
I love it
¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î
After this new update. I cant use the app to open facebook. I have to go all the from the the web to use it. Fix this and 5 stars
News feed messed up, displays old stories, even when recent is selected.  Keeps freezing and crashing!!
Biwtifull
Disliked it
facebook
In my mobile huawei  y511 Facebook open after a long wait and shut after every 2mints its too bad version fix it
I love fb..
Somtime it doesn't work but as a whole it's good to have.
Even after the last update it just got slower and continued  to crash more frequently
i like it. but i will love it When you make this more Faster than ever!
Not bad
ang bgal sobra"!
Nice
I love it I love it I love it
Ok
The first mb size I install this app is 16mb. Now, look at it. It's 20+mb. This is bad for the people who own a smaller size of device storage.
ENTERTAINMENT
Best ever
Destroyed the Human Boundaries. Wowed
Policy open
:)

Why it not work this app to my phone
Not bad
Ko
Fee
eats lots of ram :(
Since the last 2 updates facebook randomly closes and now it freezes wtf
Nice
I LOVE IT SO SO SO SO MUCH
Facebook sucks period
Still lags sometimes and at some point it consumes a great amount of memory.
Its a vary nice app
My facebook cant open. .with the recent update..
This worlds most intrsting app and is favulous but it rquires lot of space....
IT TAKES ALIT TIME TI INSTALL
Great job new update to last. Now cant see or post comments... way to gooo ....ahhhhhhh...............Theseso called updates are crap. Now cant post.last update made sure i dont see pics posted by others ..i suppose next 10 meg update
Slipping, Facebook. You're slipping. You continuously add features we don't care about. I have no problem with messenger, but making it a separate app was crazy. I have to run two apps now? Why cant we get a feature we can enjoy, like sharing music or something? You're the brainiacs. Figure it out.
I've never really had any problems with this app, but since the latest update my news feed won't load, when I'm scrolling it lags, & it keeps cutting off & going to my home screen. Please fix this!!!
Good
Two stars is generous. This app does not always load, you are wasting my time FB.
Facebook News Feed keeps crashing on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 tablet.  I can't view Facebook on my tablet and can only read it on my phone.  Please fix this!
I like it
Now it keeps closing automatically on me every few seconds, really can't be bothered. Every time I click on link, every time I read replys, shuts down every time. Not good.
Ok. Definetely can be better
A grandmother of the phoney fb name ''reesees pieces''  (real name reesee castillo)   was. Allowed fb face book to make 3 fake pages with my name. .. stolen pic if me my name..ph# &address   . . It also had VILE content. ... threats and ignorant lies .. I was being bullied (still am)  I and others reported these pages fb took one down & allowed the stalking/bulling to continue with the remaining 2fake pages.... I went to my local police and reported her misconduct. ...... Fb can you please inform me how y
Top noch
There is no zero stars to give it i hate it
so slow
Facebook to the world
Great
connect to abroad. nice one
ok
Mercy
i lov this social NETWORKING site
Ok

Very poor working after update
This app is really good but didn't earn a 5 star rating cause it needs to be easier to use. *_*
Loved being able to keep in touch with family and friends,in joy reading what family had to say
It works fine I mean u can chat an plsy game its fun
It will download but when I open the app, it will not upload. It will act as if it is but ten minutes later it still is trying to upload. This has been an issue for a few weeks now. Please fix it.
For send Sms
Very good aplication

Its best
Keeps crashing on my galaxy tab F****** trash!
This is best
I loved it
Nothing but bad comment shout out to face book your awsome
App will not update feeds, nor will it load comments or anything else, since the last two updates (both of which came within a day, or less, of each other.
I don't like the fact that I have to download the messenger app just to check my fb messages from my phone and tablet.
Cant even see most recent posts...even in the most recent section I see about 3 and then bam! 4 days ago. Terrible app.
Please stop throwing this and other apps at me. And using mine and my contacts info.
A Single Yellow Rose
Nice
Its a good app but you cant put the app on your sd card it takea alot of space up on your phone please fix the app so it can be placed on your sd card and ill give it 5 stars thanks
Like
Facebook app fails to log users out, then freezes when user attempt to reopen the program.
Awesome I loved it amazing!!!!!!!!
Nice
Hai
Facebook app works fine
U r forcing fb messenger on us. Please dont link it with this app
yes
I don't want those contacts on my phone. My phone is for the more important people in my life so stop trying to force the messanger on me. I don't want it and I don't want you peeping into my private life.

This app needs to be fixed already! Omg cant do anything it just crashes no mater what i try
AWESOME
I hate the new upgrade why do you need to add my Facebook friends to my phone book contact list it's annoying  I hate it...  Change that option else I will remove Facebook  completely
Mast hai
All the other reviews have solved my mystery as I had wondered why my contacts had all got photos on when I didn't do it, also don't like being shot back to the beginning when scrolling down but didn't realise it was updated, why there is no need? I also didn't like having to install messenger email was quite sufficient.
Punjabi is not supported in google phones plz fix itt
Every time I'm on Facebook it gos back to my home screen.

Good
Idek
I can only see pictures when I am using 4G.
Awesome but shed connect to whatsapp
Help to connect with the hole world
Great stuff love it easy to use
best soft good softi
Fun, informative, and a great way to see the world around you.
Im using a Samsung tablet and tbis app keeps on closing on me and i dont know why.
Whenever i enter it, it auto close.
Cant logout..it hangs.. Cant go back to fb.. Have to re install it
Superb
Laging lumalabas ang apps na eto kainis...
This is supper
No I do not want to download messenger. Take it off my notifications.
Nice
Its complicated to see who is online... But it allows us fast chating
Love is life
Lmob
Thanks for sharing
It is a very good app bcz I love my frds so we all are meat hear thank you facebook
Great communication app and see bug fixes have been implemented.  App is great
Good us
It will randomly, without warning scroll back up to the beginning of my news feed.
I shouldnt have to uninstall facebook and reinstall it just to log in properly. You people really need to fix this.
Good
Nice app
It has a new message notifications but no new message fix it
Always freezing this app gets worse and worse as the updates are being pushed. All Facebook does is push out garbage.
Getting problems with flooding
I have already used it but it dont work properly....so i uninstalled it.now i want to re installl it....see & try to make it fast.
Ok so fix the app already how many people have to complain to facebook and samsung before this is fixed for real fix it and i will give the app a 5 until then facebook gets a 1
wael kfoure
Please update sticker on comment for Android.
It keep cutting off on my tab 3...
Worst app ever doesn't work!!!!!!!
Thanks for letting in I hope my new text for my password works
Fabulous and splendid app just brilliant
Great.
Ever since i had to up date my app i keep getting kicked out every two clicks on anything i do please fix problem and i see im not the only one it does it to
Siniya
It would be extremely helpful if we could set certain people to not see our checkins, posts etc... Without deleting them from our friends list.  If this is already available I am unaware as to how to do this.
Why did they have to include messenger to it now
Why would anyone want this on their phone with no messages. You shouldn't force people to download messengers so you can snoop through their stuff.
No matter whether I refresh it or not, always shows old stuff in news feed, and no current stuff. Checked settings and all. Very frustrating!
If I don't want messenger I shouldn-t be forced to get it to send a message . I uninstalled as soon as I knew.
Wow its good
Takes lots of space but I love it,
keeps freezing
Great app loved it
Thanks face book
Very useful one
Good job
Very Good .
Went to update it will not reload  comes up no space on device why?
Make the original resolution of pictures be posted.
I absolutely hate that I have to allow access to every aspect of my personal phone in order to access my Facebook page. This has to stop.
R
Using way too much battery since the update. Don't have this issue with ANY other app. Also uses up too much memory and then you REQUIRE me to download a SECOND app to read messages? I'm not sure what genius thought that was more convenient *eye roll*...
Yeah it's great
Good
Updates stink! Don't need u linking my pics or contact's
Fun
What the hell facebook is doing wid this app, why fb have started lagging on those android smartphones which have 512mb ram, Is it really an app on full hd game? and If it had a video download opti0n, i would give atleast 4stars
The update version did'nt improve & Help Use For 10 The Problem Still Not Been Fix Yet  The Apps Will Automatic Close Itself Keeps Crashing Pls Fix Asap So Hate It..
Fb need to get their stuff together. I am tired of all the problems I am having since I have all these updates. I am going to delete my account if it don't get fixed. Enough is enough. It is supposed to be a good social site but it is getting to be a pain in the butt.
If you changed the messenger back to the way it was then you'd get a better rating outta me, but until then......
; cool appsdv
Chodu app.... Super dislike
Yeep
Good
I use Sony experia E1 and I upgrade to kitkat but  Facebook app is downloaded but installing is uncomfortable why pls check it
Some times it will not respond
Crashes on galaxy tab 3.  Useless and very dissapointing.  Please fix this.
Quite okay. But it hangs when I m using.
It is good for interaction
Whooooohoo
Stop going through my contacts ! Now sap sucker!
Stop syncing my contacts stop scrolling back to the top let me see recent posts not posts from 2 days ago and I am not downloading messenger get over it!
Endlessly stuck on "setting up Facebook" page.
Talking ish
Better off with Facebook version 7 all in 1 was better.  With this new app News Feed is all over the place!  As well as using differnet msg app, don't they realise that some people dont have fast phones or limited in storage etc....  Come on Facebook!!
Update finally fixed the app from saying it's using over 155GB of memory on my S5. Still a joke for removing msgs and making us download a separate app to read msgs.
It rocks
My videos won't work still
Nice
Its great it doesn't freeze or anything
Super
Manylin
facbook
What the hell is this? Tssssk. What happened to facebook -_-
Please optimise this app, eat my internal memory
I like this very much
Arun .
Ok
Download
Used to work relatively fine after the previous update but the latest doesn't even allow it to open anymore and ends up just force closing, extremely frustrating for an app as widely used as fb.
Recent updates makes every loading no mettle pictures or video slower and get jammed most of the times
This is junk
Every time I would try to view my profile or profiles from family and friends, it kicks me out of facebook. I'm unable to leave comments or interact with people. It is very slow and very frustrating. If I could, this app would get a zero. I'm glad I'm not the only person who has this problem. I have removed this app several times thinking it would change and it hasn't.  RATING: ZERO
Doesnt work very well...can't get it to download properly. ..
Could u create an option for adding more than one friends list when customising post privacy?  I can only choose one list while using mobile. I cant specially choose people amd multiple lists that I want to see a post or not.
It keeps trying to sync my Facebook contacts to my phone even after I changed it. Also, not too thrilled with having to download Messenger app, we should at least be able to choose whether we want it or not.
Pls fix bugs
Facebook
syg adi selalu
Good
Can you make the app to move to SD card...? It's taking large amount of space in the phone... Thanks...
FB was much better then. Updates only cause inconvenience
But won't save pictures I could rate it 5stars  if you fix it. Please fix it
Very useful for me :)
Pls provide an option to read both Top & Recent comments on posts..
Wont install properly, had to uninstall 3 or 4 apps for space and it still wont install properly, to much spyware included with it maybe ?
Replay at comments
Cant logout
Ok
App doesn't even start after last update.
Leave my contact list alone!
Hai
I use this app more than any other app on my Galaxy S5. It isn't perfect, but it's definitely improving.
My app keeps closing i cant do anything without. It constantly closing this sucks please fix it now
Wao
I cant even scroll for 10 seconds without if force closing. You'd think with the ridiculous amount of space FB takes it could at least function properly. Nope.
There's a little bit of improvement, but not totally satisfied.
Nice
jay ho bjp
Manupriyakumar
Why do i have to download messenger
Very very good but speed no very fast
I can't load recant news feed ! What happens
Hey fix that most recent coming up in settings and it wanted to be in news feed left side only not in right side so fix it as fast as u can....otherwise worlds most worst app and website ...... and please add full conversation email or backup and can be retore or can be share to someone....
Worked fine until update. Won't work at all now,and gobbles up data so if its on my phone it won't function.
Not nice !!!!
w
Its great having fb
Nyc app.

App is entirely invasive. Default settings invade privacy.  Had to root to block permissions that were unnecessary. The inability to set 'most recent' as default is absolutely ignorant. Stop trying to steer my user experience to what you deem as important.
Good ke it up
Really cool.
Good
Facebook like piece of shit....!!!!
Boht a cha lakin chalta nahi
Is nice to make batter for us
Facebook is really annoying me I'm offline but it keeps popping up in everything..
Tt
04885000
When I click a post to comment or read posts, the app automatically closes....this is soo aggregating! Please fix it as asap! Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1
Sucks won't stay on force's stop all the time who ever created this app is a retard
Jetro
Quit forcing all this garbage on me! Quit "fixing" crap that isn't broken!
Super fine :) :) Very helpful :) :)
If I copy a link, it will not appear as a link. Just words. Kindly improve on that.
News feed now loads, tho still in a completely random order. Still don't know why I have to install messenger to see my messages. It was better before. Also the app is now huge, the biggest out of any on my phone (177MB, chrome is 120MB) and with no visible reason why. If it gets any larger for no reason, I will simply uninstall
Love this faster app

It is awesome
Nearby Friends no longer works after  taking v19.0.0.28.14 update. Galaxy S4.
Same problems slows everything on my phone. I have been telling u this all year...besides all the other issues when I can get into the app. My last time trying it. Then im done n will find another social network that has their sh  t together.
Suberb
Goos.
Lovd it@!..
All these updates in the week and now it consantly crashes out on my tab 3.MAJOR FAIL!!!!!!
I refuse to dl or use any messengers you force us to download and that are linked to facebook. The regular fb messenger was fine the way it was! Let US CHOOSE WHAT WE WANT TO USE!! I'd give zero stars but I can't sadly. Using galaxy s5
Ima give you 5 stars for you to recover to the consecutive bad reviews
We were able to clear all pokes then update.  Now facebook causes me to use up my data bits by updating each one at a time and it takes forever.
Love more
Another easy phone tool to use
It crashes all the time ugh
Great! Facebook on the go!
Cool
It wont even let me log now ill be using the browser to check my facebook until you fix it I refuse to use it..
The app was easy
So much entertainment so much drama
I cant sync my phone with facebook contacts... Please fix this.. Btw i use Motorola Droid razr m.
Amazing
The lack of professionalism due to privacy issues with Facebook and Messenger is just astounding .
Romio butt

Please make it moves to sd card it takes too much space in phone. It will help us very much . Thnx
Not bad, as it work
Mast aap hay.
Keeps closing on its own
Keeps aborting on samsung tablet
WON'T UP DATE EVEN WHEN I PHYSICALLY DO IT MYSELF??? 
After I closed this app, then opened again, they will be shows the word "wait a few moment" but not going to home screen yet. Why this app isn't like other app, not show a word "wait" but direct going to home screen of app. I'M VERY HATED IT.
It doesnt work
Works very clean and very smooth. Thx for the amazing app!!
Good but too slow uploading !!
Good app
You'll keep making tweaks 2 it here & there , it'll be good 1 day
It'd easy to use
I cant see friends last seen time . Pls fix it. It consume more memory for small ram, Pls reduce size of ur app then i will give 5.
Its awesome
Takes forever!
When iam using sundile stop
Saving feature isnt working, When u save a video it doesnt show up in the saved section.
The app has a lot of privacy issues that you guys should look at, for example going through the contact list of the user, look at the ID, gallery, and many other things. Another problem is that every post says "just now" and I saw that post like 3 days ago in my news feed. Facebook. Inc is a multi billion corporation, you should put more effort and funds into these kinds of things or what not enough brainpower zuckerberg?
Wow
Awsome
I like the update i can easily save picture from fb and also the it loads fast... great job
asw walalo barnamijkan
Facebook is slow. Photos take forever to open. A few of my friends confirmed they have the same issue with facebook after the update.
No more to tell.
Really happy with this app. It's come a long way since its first release
Facebook
Tech One Evs
Stop changing what isn't broken. Can't remove myself from things I've commented on. Hate the new look. Force close. Freezes.
Amazing
Gr8 social network
ilove fb....it means me so much
After the last upgrades it's impossible to look at pictures, it crashes every time.
Can't deal with privacy issues.  Plus the photo chooser has lots of room for improvement
since updates it's crushing ,runs slow,uses most of my ram/internal memory and messenger is the worst app ever.Do something please.
Almost 70 percent of my memory goes to facebook,.despite of having my phone rooted,sacrificing my other apps just give room fb,this app is definitely imposible to install if u got a 190 mb factory default galaxy y.rooting is your only opt.
No where to listen to music
Facebook keeps crashing on my samsung devices when i try to view notifications, events, or friends profiles! Fix this ASAP!
Nice
Its very good
Ghodke
But slow
Can get better by fixing more small bugs and issues 
Good
I love facebook
Nice
I canot do without it
Whenever I login with Facebook for some other app (sound cloud, csr racing etc.) the app stops responding and the Facebook app also doesn't respond sometimes.
Because you can  talk to your friends and family

Just great!
Same
Taena mo parin jcm
Had it befor it was great
Just great
Facebook APP is the worse. -Updates are always HOURS behind, even when my wife posts and tags me. Most of the time is 24hours later!!!! Doesn't matter if I even set the refresh interval to 30 minutes. It ignores this setting. -Cannot set Most Recent as default. -Have to go through 4 taps just to get to Most Recent posts!!!!!!  Facebook developers. If you do read these comments then you need to stop adding/rearranging features and fix the issues you currently have. Stop adding more broken features.. They are just piling up.
Very nice
It is really good
Everytime i've got a message, the app crashes even though i already installed messenger. Pls fix the bug asap.
This app just keeps failing or closing on me. Very frustrating. Fix.
Wonderful social networking site
Good
Really loved this app.
Bring the most recent feed infront
Always loading ! And loading ! And again loading!
I now this app is really be fine tuned the same things that the desktop allows menu and privacy options.
seriously it is great
not working
Not good
I would give you a five star review when you make video views counter available to everyone.
I love fb
Sony told me to update my phone. Now Facebook isn't compatible. Wtf is going on?????
Villaflor diane
myint
Bad update
Good
Jp
Facebook is very useful
Can't play video. It shuts down randomly.
Bashir Uddin Bashir Uddin
Be better if messenger wasn't forced on you.
Awsome
Only like
Cool
I was forced to download messenger
It's not perfect but I like it
What's with all the updates? This app is eating up my free space on my phone.
Its always configuring and i cant even use it..its not opening and it eats up all of my memory!! Pls fix!!
Ioved it
Little bit slow..
Guli beh
My albums are lost please find a way to retrieve them or else ill uninstall this app and not recommend it to my friends   WTF!!!
This app very 2 good
Thank you
Since the latest update I am having trouble posting on facebook. Its shutting downThey seem to be disappearing. Would sooner have the old one back this is shite !
Ng. Sbsbndns. Xbdbfn
Legal
After the update the fb app just keeps on loading. And when it loads, it always prompts me to close fb because it is not responding. Please fix it.
Keeps saying I've a message but there's none there or in junk
Wow nice app
The app keeps shutting down and half the time it won't even open and automatically updates your news feed wile your reading a post droid razor
Facebook is great
Not. Bad
Nice!
Excellent updates
Picture
Facebook
Its not responding faster
Facebook for android totally bad....
Great
Sahabuddin
It takes 5 to 10 minutes before it open.Fix it please
Good to use
Verry good
It's great. An essential app. Fast. Have fun with Facebook.
WHY DO you need all my Private Info?!! All in my life or Nahh??
I cannot upload videos via phone..I have to use a computer. This is after the recent update.
What do you mean? Are you downgrading you application?
Details
Niraj seth 3355@gmail com
Fix the most recent option. I don't want to see top stories or news. I want most recent as my default.
I care for those who care for me
But its ok,just when searching people it will not or can be seen by other people but the disadvantage is that when changing your whatevs part of account its just hard to find.
Crashes when attempt to do anything. Click to view a pictuee, crash.  Click to leave a comment crash, click to view profile crash.
Excelance
Flash
Download this appl
Fine app but not very fond of new FB policies, so 2*
Work hard success in life
Within a few seconds of opening the app, it closes automatically.
Now if you want to send a message to a person who is online on Web at Facebook so it requires that the person whom you want to chat should have FACEBOOK MESSENGER
Good
Never lets me see pages or comments no more.just kicks me out of facebook all the time.
Melisabryanmn581
Time consuming app..but i like it
Why im cant talk in chat?
It is very helpfull to chat, put photos....
Wonderful
Ok
Because it cornet our nearest of heart
Please
Fine
Consumes too much of RAM. Runs in the background even if it's forcefully stopped.
Nice app
Friends
sometimes It stop to work,  needs to fix bug
That's it
So slow to load ...
Facebook seems to be having many issues. Every time I try to use the app it says that Facebook is not responding.
Good....
Can barely use it it forces closed every time you try to do ANYTHING!
I uninstalled it the last day but now I changed my mind
because lot's of pic. that i can liked
Facebook
It runs slow
Extremely slow in compare with others. Chat useless.Touch doesn't work properly with sense 3.0. Stopping every single time. Uninstalled.
I couldn't install it over my android.   .been two month already since i have been trying
So nice
Crash
lay bhari
Its facebook.
very slow loading,cant view comments.cant see stuff in group pages..pls fix!
when im done updating facebook it become slower.. i mean very slow..idont like it..
Nasveerkhan
It won't open
Good
It is the most  stupidest and slowest app available in play store
Since update it stinks ,,forces closes all time ,,only lets see few statuses before forces close ,,sort it out
Bloody worst app.. Can't use for more than 5 min. It automatically quits!!!
Family and friends thats whyy i use facebook
Hi
It sucks
New
Cool
Great place to be with friends and family...
Why would I use 2 apps of 1 social media? Might as well delete my account if thats how its going to be from now on.
Wanna kill u
We're cool with this.
Best site ever
ajith,,
Stop forcing us to download the Messenger app for our personal message. I don't wanna Clear the Data every 5 days...
Deenaji
Okay, the app is much better now. Love the new additions.Thank you!
Good
Marvellous interactive unbeatable link.

Habibtanil
Facebook
Ungala elama
Good
¡ï¡ï¡î¡ï¡ï
Its good
Kewl experience..!!!
Its very nice for social conect with people
Was fun to start with but now is so bug ridden I can't play. I can't sell stuff in my shop or buy stuff from others. Support team not helpful.
App is no longer convenient now that messenger is separate. Plus, this app I notice it uses a lot of battery power. Even when I use a task killer to save power, it comes back on. App should stay off officially when we dont want it. Updating review to 1 star cause this app is starting to take too much space. Make this sd card compatible and ill update review to 5 stars. With all the money fb makes, they should be able to do this.
Great
Rarely works, very poor app
Hi friends enjoy it
That how this community make you take your petty marketing  strategy  back. You know what I am  talking about. Oh and ridiculous resource usages and full of bugs / errors, as always.
Messenger does not work on Facebook. Have to use messenger app.
News feed is crap and just all out slow
Na
ºÜºÃ
Love it
Nice app...
I
It close for no reason sucks :/
Thanks
I LOVE IT
I love facebook alot
But I've stopped using my browser to check facebook. Awesome app.
As long as they don't get into my personal files, I'm good
I can't even use the app anymore! Plus it has synced all my fb contracts when I know I didn't give it permission also updated without permission hate the app if not fixed it will be deleted from my phone and I used to love it it would get less than 1 star if could
I got a new phone and downloaded the app and it never sends the access code. Some people hate the messenger app but I use it for a very important group. And now that I can't log in I can't speak with the group anymore. Please fix this ratchet app. Thanks.
Good i like it
Excellent apps
No major problemos. Nice app..
Why facebook still difficult to open.. 
Gud
Good
Photos don't load
Facebook is now one app that constantly malfunctions and takes ages to even open, what's happening facebook. You keep insisting I use messenger, is it by force? Can't I just use facebook alone to achieve what I want?
Alkie
Hmm...
Looks like a social app
I like facebook
Liked it..
installing is stopped before completing dawnload
Good app
Babys
Very good but it is leaking my phones battery and it is very slow
Is good
Gudt
Nice,but videos on fb not playing
Consumes too much internal space.
My fb
Good
Please add top comments view in app as in desktop version and stop the automatic scroll to top.
Why facebook don't you have enough money why eat my battery
Search friend
photos doesn't appear . Cannot replie comments
Using too much memory and space...
Superbb
Bichhada year military hair dosto
Krishna
Very nice
what a bute
Like I love it
why i didn't use the free call..then it's automatically closing... can u fix this please...and i didn't upload video..
Many of the features available in the browser are not there. (Like searching members in a group, bla bla bla)
The usual bunch of poor coding
After the new update, I'm stuck on the start up screen and it says "setting up" and I've never got past that. Looking at reviews; you guys really screwed up. Take note that I'm running 4.4.4 on a droid Maxx which is pretty much stock android.
My3
This is very nice to use
J
Nice
Wow
I love Facebook.....but now why like this always unfortunately stopped...not responding and forced to stopped....why???? and how many times asking update??? when i open my fb always just a moment  but not open..waiting 2hrs...nothing...also my messenger...not like before.
Should i open my fb many times? When i log in or out
A browser I love it
Very good
Due to error code 24 I'm unable to install FB messenger. Furious that I can't message people without a PC.  Also being told to install Facebook for android.... What the????
Keeps saying incompatible update?! Anyone have any advice?
instagram
There is a many many problems
Like this of these steatment
TO ALL
Bagal ee . Dami alam . Hang Lagi . laggers pa !!potek yan
Love it
After 1 minute of browsing the app is crushing
Lamie Gray
facebook
App not responding after updated. Got white screen n stop there.(note2) Reinstalled now apps working find.
First I'm unable to post, comment, like or accept requests. Then messages stops sending. Then unable to refresh news feeds. Then I uninstall & reinstall it but now I'm unable to log in. WTF is this
Cool to pick up lost friends
Good
I installed it, and the set up screen is really slow and it never gets past that screen. Some times, it'll just force close too. Fix it please
Very usefull, I love it.
Good
Very like
Loveit
The best fb
The app is basically forcing me to download messenger I dont want messenger that more space being taking from my phone dont see why I cant see my private mails on Facebook app. Really stupid on your behalf. Also syncing fb  contacts onto my phone if i wanted them as contact I would already have them.
Asum!! Social Network By God ...;)
Myo
What is going on with this site?  It is not letting me put in my email and p w for the games I play. Very frustrating! !!!
Have to keep uninstalling to sign out. Not HAPPY
Only complaint is the amount of space taken up on my Optimus

No good

I love it!!!
My fb
i love fb cuz i am.teenager
Weak weak weak weak
Take long time loading pictures after updated.
Good
Bat ang tagal mag loading lagi nalang white screen. At nag foforce close pa.? Paki fix poh T.Y :)
I can't open my news feed
Good id
Good
Perfect App
Crashes when you do anything but look at the news feed, I am sure Facebook are looking at this, but HOW LONG TILL THE FIX?
World class App
I agree this app forces too many add ons. Plus why does Facebook always want to sync with my contacts, know where I am, and who I'm with. Facebook is like an obsessed girlfriend. Chill the f*&% out guys jheeeze !! 3 stars because apart from that I kinda need this app for contact with people who don't like mobiles and cells .
Gajera
Good app
Every time I play video the app always stop at the middle of it
Good
Its good!
Very good
I love this application
Samsung galaxy s duos 2
Kn
Jesus loves you
Facebooknatics
Good but mb data speed is slow plz improv this
Nice..
Very slow
Thanks
Good
Cool
Riyazbasha
Great
It eats my phone's memory and runs in the background even though I'm not using it.
Hepie sangat .. hahaha..
Nice
Come on Face Book fix this crap. Stupid app won't even open now! Who's in charge of vetting and testing this shite.
it is vry bad it blast my life
Wont load pictures am so fkn over it fix fix fix or ill delete it
Like it
Good one layout
Mokka
Make groups while chosing photos
What in the world?? Also can't tag a person that is not a friend in the comment section.. Not a feature that I wanted.. Also, such a battery drainer!

Have it as one of my apps. on a 'booster'....it WONT OPEN!!!!
Love it
Awsome
I love it very much.. ..
imazeng app
Good themse
Good
I love uploading photo sharing
Does what it should do
Great! :-)
I have had facebook for years and never had a problem. Now i cannot log in at all and facebook will not help me never mind reply!
Bad
Better then old versions
Govind Kumar

When i click the picture,  its going in home .. please fix this problem ..
Need it
Arghhh
Fabta
Good
Worx
1993 07 23
Like
It uses a lot of ram and make your device very slow!!!!
Ok
Mikindo12
I luv this facebook..
Very helful
Ethiop
Yakha
Nothing
Nice1
Takes a year to load, a problem Facebook isn't trying to get rid of..... I would uninstall even if happens with update.....
It's ok but not so fast
Loving it
Please make a clear stable and provide one update a month. You people are the one making empty my data by updates nowadays. I Uninstalled messenger due to this only reason
Its ossum
Most recent update won't load. Crashes continuously on startup. Nexus 5
24795
The best
Mula sa puso
I don't like the fact that fb is forcing me download the messenger app. My phone and Facebook should be separate.
Bugs and bugs!
This app was beauti
Product Manager
Good
I dnt want my fb contacts synced onto my fone n wen i refresh it comes up with things from last year or even longer plz fix these issues especially the first coz its a violation of privacy!
still i cant  downLoad videos :)
Love it!! Great way to find out whats on and to connect with family and friends.
Like this
Since update, the pictures won't display, please fix

PLEASE FIX THIS.
Ever since they split the messenger and Facebook apps my android tablet and my android phone have problems with crashing and not loading
Looooooovvvveeed pituitary
Cant download
Loads news feed very slowly and many features are not working. It is crashing many times..... Worst app ever....
Am failing to download your useless application plz stop deceiving people with this foolish thing...shame on you...plz try to make another app not this.
Its realy fantastic and its very affordable i can cht with anyone!!!
Where i get this beta version
Updated earlier today and will not download the news feed! Don't update yet
Excellent app
Facebook needs an unlike button and then I'll give it 5 stars!!!
Facebook Have some fun
Love
Great
It is so good I had a good internet connection
So cute
Very nice
Good and the best
Worst app
Do not have or ever had a problem with this app!!!!
Job
Good
I would like the option to opt out of messenger if I don't want it. I don't like the fact that you keep trying to push this on me.
It's ok.. But it Log when I'm using this app sometimes.. -_-
This app often doesn't play well with the house wifi. Everything else works fine with the wifi but not Facebook. It works well with mobile internet though...
Tinfoil Facebook is a non shifty alternative to this. The permissions that Facebook and especially its messenger app is unnecessary and weird. I don't want to make calls with Facebook, I have a phone for that! Horrible horrible app
Not so good not so bad
Poo
Thik hi h
This is the best app
Nice app for convrsation
This app is crap, it won't work at all
Sekhon
FB on mobile not a very good idea
this application is making me know all information about the people  I want to know more about them but sometimes it make people get fight
Love it
Vija
Facebook app is awesome. But it could have been a little bit fast
Weshnpremalal
Good performance
Stop going through our private information
I love it
Paudie o Connor luke evans Michael godiey niall Clifford Conor Byrne Joe fahy Darren fuller pj galvin niamh godiey orlaith godiey jeannie Blackwell aaron o really eoghain sheehy luke stafford lacey David Byrne Conor Nolan
Nice
Nyc
Sucks
Ios facebook iz better than android
It tends to run slow at times and it sucks
Good
It's the best but in this version can you pls tell me a way to not have people in my contact list
I have a problem when I changing my profile picture in mobile. Why its cropable. Fix it please.
Time waste
It wouldn't let me post or anything so I deleted it and reinstalled it, now it won't let me back in to my account on my app or the website-_-
Huraian
The app tends to slo a my phone down.
Loads slow, it takes a long time to do everything. Please fix. P.S. I do not like how i have to install a 2nd app just to see messages.
Very good social networking FACEBOOK
Mujahar Hassin.    ...My. LOVE
My FB app has just updated and now wont load. I use a Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1 with android 4.0.4. Semms to try and load then crashes. Please fix.
It keeps messing up on my samsung   galaxy s3,  each time I open it it send me back to my home screen,  and when I'm not using Facebook it comes up with the same message on my screen.  FIX it.  Will be 5* if this bug is fixed.
Ok
Fun
Chang
Mooooma
My brother download it and rated 5 stars saying its great sick so I deleted it now I install it I cannot open it.
A total jerk app
shagun
That...amazing......
Nice
This last update is a joke! My phone speed slowed to a snail's pace. Removed Facebook and hey presto...speed is restored. Who the heck is testing this app?!
G
Excellent communicatrion
Nice
Satisfy
Line kuat slow...
Speed is very good
I like
We need an option to read inbox messages that go to our 'other' box, at the moment we only can access the through the Web and not the app
Fac
Good
All right
Shere everything.unexpected ovar circle&frnzs&get new future
Horrible
,,i used this on the past few days,but after a day i cant log in anymore so i reinstall it again,,pls.fix it.thanks
who is managing this app here. Can't you see everyone is complaining? Very bad app than ever
Good and well done and i loved it,
Very good
funny how the more a business is worth the greedier they become. Besides having no privacy now we have to download a messager app so they can double the money from ads.
Superb...
My favorite....
I like it for downloading and operating is fast as fast to the others apps.
Liked very much
Great
Stupid idiotic total piece of sh*t
Txt still too small.  I have vision impairment!!!  Also No  fwd  button only back button
Crash
Stop notification in a post is not working
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLL
Ravi
Im using zenfone 5 after update ! When your scrolling and the picture arent fully loaded yet it keeps on going back to the top post very very annoyong fix it!
I don't now
The app constantly closes out. All I would be doing is open the app than just as i begin scolling down, it closes out. Even when i click to view my notifications or even post or share or like something it closes out.
Good natwork
This has to b tha best
COOL
I would give 5 
Cool
Just awesome this app is.i loved it so so much.
best app in word,kirrak
I dnt see the difference btn messenger and this page
Please sometimes change it to 6 or 10 passwords so I could remember it.
I like facbook because I don't really get to see all my family all the time so it's a good chance to see them.
good one.. keep developing.. but lot of bugs r thr.. hanging.. chats r not able to view sometimes..
Good
Hello
Entertaining
Papu
Awesome app
Givew error. 916 Fix d bug
Good
Nice
Petie biewenga
Awesome is way easier than going on google then looking upp fb I love it
Its sooo awasome
Like an old FB.i dont wanna install additional Apps.its crap.
Redundant updates
After installing the latest update, i can't go to groups. Instead, it slides itself back to the newsfeed. Please fix it.
Gotta stop forcing us to download messenger...
After the update... Facebook is just crawling slow... I thought the update was to speed up the app but what happened is the exact opposite...
find  friends
Old version is awsome.. and new one is always crash my phone.. but now the new update is awsome.. keep it up
Works well
Wow!!!!!
so slow. I cant see the pictures. it took a years to load. please fix this
This app on Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 drops out constantly. As I scroll through my newsfeed the app will close automatically. It is now worse with the recent update.
But too much ram consumption .....
like this a lot
Facebook just keeps crashing all the time since the most recent updates (on Galaxy Tab3) or is slow and lumpy in use (on Galaxy phone). Please fix this - unusable on my Tab3 :(
I don't like the fact that ever since I installed this , it closes itself out while I am scrolling through my newsfeed. I definately do not like the fact that I cannot message anyone unless I install messanger. I don't like it. It irritates the hell out of me. Also I don't want facebook syncing my contacts into my phone, if I wanted more people in my phone I would put them there myself.
Butacas fre¨¢tica forma contacten old Fronda andaluza familia
Its nice
Goes to fb page, go to scroll down & back to phone menu it goes! CLASS A CRAP APP!
Great
Isaa male kan biraa hinjiru
Excellent
Good
Replace the sync with a 4 letter word.  Why auto sync contacts? Respect privacy.
Handy.
Whenever I scroll down Facebook automatically scrolls back to the latest news ! It's pretty annoying can you guys fix this
I am not satisfied
Great
K
Birch
How can i fix my camera? my camera preview is incorrect position ?
Itz awesome..!!
Not bad
Nice...
Good
Good
Good
The only problem I had was that it took too long to log in or out and the new update has fixed this. Keep it up!
On my Samsung Note 3. 
First of all it is a memory boost app and ii is not good with mesenger
Why do you need access to my phone?
Flowers
Works great
This is so annoying Facebook can access on all my personal data.
Ngh
Good
Painfully slow, keeps sending you back to the top of the news feedafter viewing a video and then the post you were looking at mysteriously dissappears! Seems to get worse after every update. C'mon FB sort it out.
I love facebook
M
To the FB developer, thanks for the free app... but i'm not satisfied the performance of your app in latest update because when i doing a messages your FB app is hang (not responding) & it is not movable to phone storage, please help me to fix this issue in my Fab3G. Thanks... hoping for your favorable response! God bless!
Seek knowldge
F/b
Sometime crash
I wish it has a back button for viewing photos for android phones just like in twitter or igs.. but all in all, t'was great
12234
Awesome
To see
Nice app loved it
Refuse to use messenger! !!!!!
Fb is socio property
I love thiss app
Lucindacox
I can't open my facebook accnt it says connection time out why? What is the prblm  on my accnt? What should I do? Pls help me tnx
Marathivenkat
Good
not responding
Fb
hmm...
7 mb
Good way to be connected and be expressive about your feelings...
if it can speed up
Its okay....
I'm fully satisfied.
stupid app
Cool
Updated on Samsung Galaxy tab 2, kills the tablet. Some kind of memory leak, consumes RAM until tablet becomes unusable.
If none of the friend is online it show 1 and on the friends side none friends are online
Rubel
it has a problem in loging out
This is amazing loveing calling free
After last update it is not working any more :(
Love it
Supwr
Everything used to go on well untill one day i logged in on my Facebook account and guess what it made me wait for long before i could even log in and let me tell you this I only have Retrica,Facebook and Facebook Messanger App as the applications on my phone...but my phone keeps reminding me"Storage space running out"i kind of wonder why so i tried to delete Retrica but still it's all the same.Why do you even create an app that takes so much space??
Facebook apps is really excellent
perfect
Crashes every 10 minutes on my note 3 and my messages dissappear  all around a big dissapoint will probably uninstall  it was free and I still want my money back...
Good
Nice
This app become worst now, better the old version. K
Its Ok
Best la...dpat hilangkn stress..
Stop forcing me sign up with messenger!
I realy like it...thanks app.
Masttttt
This is great aap for fb user
Getting greater !!
Superb
The ads are annoying but really obnoxious are the video ads especially diamond digger, it makes me never want to play that game. It can't be skipped and it freezes the screen.  The scrabble game  itself is good.
Helpful
Good
Good
Chat with friends
very nice and also for facebook call
33217599
I downloaded the new fb app into my Samsung Galaxy tab ||| and every time I get logged in it kick me off  after about 4 seconds, please fix the problem.
Nice
Facebook
Not working properly
F/b
This app is awesome
Married
nice application
Hi
Easy to use
My facebook....
The meaningless move separating Facebook chat from FB is stupid plus violating my privacy.
I have installed and reinstalled this app 5 different occasions each time when I go to my home page it crashes every single time
...
It get opwned in some time and we can sent the message fast . therefore i loved this app
best but uhmmm
Good apps
I like it
Fabulous
Fine
All was fairly well until these idiots separated messenger from the app. There's NO WAY I'm giving these jokers permission to use my phone data UNRELATED to FB!
awesome
Mezmur
13455532
Facebook
Its so easy to use
it only shows the blue screen and it shows setting up facebook and just moment. after 15 minutes its still the same. pls fix this
Poor app
Very goos app
Facebook
Now Facebook wants even your browsing history and phone details.  Big brother is here, and his name is Mark
Catubay
Very well thing
Mohammed sohail
Consumes 30 to 80 mb in background. And that is still without the new "messeger" app which takes up another 30 mb or so.
Am unable to upload my pix in full. It usually cuts down d size of my pix if I want to upload full sized pix. What is the problem?
Jaz updated
Its amazing
T
relly i like it
I like coz i hase friends thare
I like to working area
Nice
Bring back recent feed as an option. Forcing me to view "news feed" is obnoxious and makes me miss half of my friends posts no matter how often I check
I cannot log in after newest update.
Love to do messaging with clear display
good application
Why does it sync even after me de-selecting it....?your every update is so big with very minor change.....trust me ur app sucks!!!!! :@
Please, please PLEASE! Fix the contacts from syncing into my phone. If I wanted their number, I would either have it or asked for it! Stop this now!
Ok
Its arewsome
Needs work.... But good app to connect with family friend's
Goes slow and keeps stooping
Lol fun
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Very good

Bhagchand056
super
Love it now but I hate when they bump me up to the biggining of my news feed it's very irritating please fix or ur going to loose alot of customers to Google cuz thier app ain't that bad and it's getting better
I keep getting bullied on it is sucks
Nice
Like it
This Time I Will Not Play Facebook
Love it
this is easy  but if u have to up date it gay bec u have to have a lot of space
excellent and best social networking app I could just talk to my relatives who are much far then our house at any corner of world
R
It is very good caht
Love it now
Good app
It sucks but what can we do there's only one Facebook app in the world
Have no problem with it besides idiots
Itz a good app.you can directly use it and tag photos add friends and like photos and status overall nice app download it now.very usefull.
Jb
Good but somewhere it need a lot of improvement
After every update I find more reasons to just delete my account and never come back. You should have just left things as they were and stopped trying to find more reasons to add things and being so intrusive.
Uj
Stop saying my news feed is up to date. Not when the post at the top is from 4 f#cking hours ago
This apps is must.
Not bad
Free time
I like is apps
This app is good
everytime i want to log out in facebook, i have to uninstall it....because i can't log out properly...can you guys abel to fix it..thanks
Everytime I refresh my wall, it always shows old posts like yesterday's or 10+ hours ago. Please fix this.
Good app really faster
Slowest ever.  Not responding most of the time.  Have to wait for too long at the expense of battery. Have  had to uninstall bcos of interrupting my calls while offline.
I was requested to upgrade but now for some reason it won't open ...it says "setting up Facebook". Also I'm seeing feeds from Wednesday...there needs to be the option of looking at most recent feeds again
Enjoyable for everyone
Only thing about this app is there is no way to share a post in a private message
So slow
Why do you feel you need to know what are you trying to access All of my stuff. Also tired of having to down load apps so you can work you suck facebook
I got a browser itself in the app few weeks back . then its disappeared ! Wats gng on here
Okay
It would be great if you somehow make the app loading a bit faster.
The best app !!
Kanpur
AWESOME
Misleading app information. Facebook app no longer does messages. Please update.
Vry good
Thanks for viewing
Force closes every time I get on it!
Just awesome
Why I can't download the new version of fb...
Face book
Super tagal magdownload grabe
Eh..
Facebook
Update worldwide new and best, reliable, fast comunication platform for everybody.
Stop forcing me to install the fuc***g  messenger I don't have 5 GB of RAM. Now my phone is very slow.
Liked it
A few things could be better
Facebook is doing to much we can no longer view our messages and now your syncing my Facebook friends into my contacts with me not approving that. This app gets worse every year. I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone. Also it's turning into a porn site. How do you allow people to post sex videos?
It has not let me get on Facebook from my phone all day
Il it
It's nice to share ideas
Yeah
Good
Best
This app is very good I am telling you please download this app
Nice Social Media
O.o.o.k.
It gives me a better tympasss
I uninstalled know it can't be installed wtf
Ilu
muaaahh
cant really use properly on my tab 3..whats the point for doing update?cant comment cant like cant do anything!FIX IT!!!
Aaa
Easy to use
Keeping in touch
Every single time I use it in my tablet, after a couple of minutes it stops working. It freezes out and closes automatically.
Good
Do not make it RAM guzzler.
Faernis
I like Facebook passionately
Very good for me
When reading old posts in pages,  if i click on 'continue reading'...then when i press the back button to go back to the page, it doesnt take me back to that post. Rather it just goes back to the page's top. Please fix
Nice bt need some improvement
Amazing.. I love it..
Loved it
A
Facebook now doesn't allow me to view the links posted, it just bring me to the browser and that it. Please fix
Have to say that this latest update has made it even slower. Posts take ages and when I return to Facebook it always takes me to the last post I read and not showing me the new post. Too many adverts too. My Facebook is overrun with them. And also failing to block a lot of people. This is not looking good. Perhaps it's been infected with Ebola and thus the reason Zuckerberg has donated $25.000.000 to help beat it.
Love
I love it! :)
It sucks
It's good!
good
Indeed this is great app.
Messenger sucks!
buduh bah ni app. choi
This latest update its complete rubbish, since wen i update it av been unable to login
Free
Taufeeq ali khan
Verrynice apps fast in easy to used...
Doenst work anymore.
Todo una experiencia chids
I like it good and popular
Up Up Up
its unable to download pls fix it!
Excellent performance Efficient functioning.
This app is the best in the world
ok
It's a very nice app
Hope, in next update It will be movable to SD Card !!!
The new update sucks!!! I want the old version back!!!! How do I uninstall the new update! FRUSTRATED!!!
Useless app
Can't refresh it to load(only round arrow symbol)
Fyn
Say something on u
Thr best
Whats the Hell every week updating
Worst app ever!!!!! lagging,.. always stopped suddenly!!!.. and always pushing me to download the messenger!! what happen to the word privacy!!!! Can you just respect everyone's privacy!!!it sucks
Please will someone help me.
I cannot download ANYTHING else on my phone because this is so big and can't be moved to my SD card. That's ridiculous! Either make it smaller or make it transferable!!!
Excellent app
Great app
Good photo uploading capacity
Crashes upon opening FB app since update. No use for this app if i can not even use it. -5 stars!
Good
It has stopped and kicked me off only thing i don't like
EXCELLENT
Really helps browse fast good job
Ilike ittt
Its too useful aap
Yeah its fyn.. Messenger mandate policy sucks.
Love it
Just don't know
Awesome
Nice but I was confused on download the photo
Bakwas , boaring app
Facebook starts up fine then when i try to comment or go to a group it shuts down fix this works on my phone but not on my Galaxy Tab 3
A little server problems is there..if that can sorted then it will be great..
Love facebook
Loved it
facebook
Inform the latest fb app
Very nice
Great App
Intersting
This is a better update. Now fb app runs smoothly than before.
Djhd
bad app. ever
I'm simply man
Its god for wasting time
Cool
a frend in need a frend on deed.
Se cae mucho q pasa?
I cant even log in half the time with out it kicking me off by force closing. And it force closes randomly all throughout the day. And its even got to where I can't even look through my newsfeed because apparently it can't load it. And I know it's not and issue on my end. If you are going to have an app people use worldwide ....can you make sure it works at least half the time.
A Ronnien
Good
Zaan
Great
Much better than my old phone but it still has it quirks
Speak with the other people
Nice
Lulz to the naive and misinformed.
Quit linking yourself to my contacts! I have set it to not sync with my contacts over a dozen times. It keeps the setting for maybe a couple hours then it syncs itself to my contacts without my permission! STOP IT!!
Much better with several improvements
It sucks. Its connection is terrible. It's fine if I use it frequently throughout the day, but when I load the app like, a few hours after i used it last, it gets really laggy and shuts itself off. Fix this and I'll consider 5 stars.
The New updates are getting worse crashing way more offen Every time I use this App it Crashes so offen that at times it becomes unusable hogs to much battery on my phone and crashes way to offen on my Samsung Galaxy tab 3 10.1 Please Fix
I'm getting frustrated. When scrolling down my news feed, out of nowhere I'm taken back to the top of my feed. Why? Also if at all possible please allow me to open the app. where I left off. If u needed to get to the top of my feed, I'll use the New Stories button. Thanks and I hope you can fix.
On Samsung Facebook logs out every time you want to check comments fix it and I may up my rating
Very nice
We are happy
Please make facebook fast bcoz always not working is so slow
Like it hahaha
The latest update has actually made the app slower and less reliable. Don't think that's what you were going for.
Gawd.! The new messenger sucks.! Pls don't force me into downloading it.!
I like it .. its not be bad...
kamal
I actully like this app..but there are also some defects
Deep
Nice
We don't want to have to download Messager just so we can se our messages on Facebook plz do something about that
I love DB it is my life
It will not let me refresh my feed....
I love the app, but is there any way to make it so you can upload GIF files? I've tried to upload them before but it only posts it as a normal picture. Not a need. But if possible, it'd be really cool if you did! Also, can replying to others comments be implemented? You can click reply on pc but not on mobile. Also not a need but it'd be neat if you could add it. Thanks for all you do!
Sucks
it's ight
perfect
Cheting
:)
It covers lots of RAM in phone, it makes my mobile to work slower.... Facebook should work on it.
Great
Geart apps

Uygulama guzel fakat ram yiyor
Any application trying to acess facebook is hanging
But sometimes i dosent like working
It won't open.. Then when it opens also, it keeps crashing.. Please do something about it
Okay
Oooiippppuuuikkollllloooool
Ok
great...
Just fb
Facebook
Donot update....its a waste
It always works slow compare to any browser
Never had any issues before until few weeks ago. As soon as I open the app, it closes or at times it allows me to scroll a little then closes. This really sucks. I even rebooted my galaxy to no avail.
Force closes on last update.
Ad this unblok option
Why cant i see my pictures anymore on facebook?  Even the one of my friends cant watch pictures.  Please fix it
Awesome facebook
good
Like
Amaze
Can't open messages in Facebook!!...I also have Facebook messenger app pls fix my issue?!....
Sometimes it hangs a lot. It become slower.
...   us do :(chug duh
please improve performance for low end device.
Whenever I try to play a video it shuts down or bring me to the  open apps view but never plays any video.Please fix it ! N too much Ram usage ,it slows down my phone!
but you must be careful yo can't open facebook if you forget password...
Veryyyy bad
I love fb great app
Cool
Its awesome u can have ur friends and like u can have anybody u want
Good
very bed
Kong y a
Feeling Great While Surf With This App....I didn't notice any crashes Still Nowwwwwww.....
Very slow..
Perfect..
Very nice
Sajith
Clifford Rafferty
The update made the app slower. Phoyos sometime fail to load and if the do load, it will be very slow. I use an htc one m8
It is good entertainment.
Pls. Kindly Add reply option in every comments (samsung device),thank u
Unable to post status using my Acer Iconia One 7 tablet.
The worst update ever.
I like Facebook. But I had trou ble getting back in
Resantly I update Facebook afrer that I couldn't confirm any friend request even even tho I confirm it's not get getting confirm. And my last time issue still didnt slove ;-(
Supar lovely
Add video calling  features too.
Good
This is an awful childish app. It's supposed to be social a page? Ppl staring at their  screens all day and they don't even have interaction with actual ppl. This is an antisocial app with ppl that cause drama. Stupid really
Me and you
I liked it
Problem in sync. Am not impressed
It's Okay
Kindly add an option for downloading videos.
Marivel
Good
Real book
download now
Love it
I hate it... fb msg its locked and need more app.. and this app need big space ..fb over 100 mb,.. fb msg need over 70 mb
Love
Eits sow fan
always hang
Plase join me Facebook
aira uy
Since last update Facebook stopped freezing and going back to black screen. So far runs flawlessly. HTC One M8 4.4.2 kit Kat.
Terrible, last 3 updates have done nothing but render this app usless on my galaxy s 2. If i could give negative stars i would!
love it
This app crashes on me every other week. I'm tired of having to uninstall and then reinstall. I would use it on the regular browser but it's much more convenient on the app version.  Fix that and maybe it'll get more stars.
The app has now become so broken it is almost impossible to use. To many menues and an inability to sort ones feed makes seeing new post frustrating at best. As they are now mixed in with post from over a week ago. Overall not user friendly.    Take the app back to a simpler version that was easy to use and user friendly. Tired of seeing stuff in my feed from several days ago.
Its always stopping. Takes forever to open then it just quits working every time. Be on for 5 mins then it quits.
Keep freezing when I being to scroll down my news feed.
Though there are detailed settings for notifications, in practice it's all or nothing.  It's convenient though. I love being able to upload pictures and videos in the run, and it's nice you have some control over how much of your data plan it uses.
I dont like this anymore :(
Downward trend continues for the app. Needs more and more permissions to do less and less.
Cant play candy crush saga after connecting fb
Very poor upgrade u wasted yre time and our megs!!!!!
They do not need to listen In and  read texts and all that. Uses too much system resources
Siraaaaaaaa
ÏÂÔØÁË¼¸´Î¶¼ÓÃ²»µ½£¬ÎÒ±È½ÏÏ²»¶ÓÃÖ®Ç°ÄÇ¸ö
It won't let me tag people
Super chat
Bijaya kumar mallick
Good
VIP
I can't hit "don't want to see" without post coming back with an error!!!  Also can not "Like" any posts without an error!!! EVERY TIME you Douches do an update this happens!!!!

I am very loving it
Face book kicks me out although im posting a like
I'd be fine if I could move this stupid app onto my SD card but NOPE guess keeping tabs is more important eh? -.- well I hope losing users is worth it. Ur app takes a lot of space!
Muy bueno
B
Facebook id
Friend of 450.000 Friends
Thank you, Facebook.
I can't even scroll through my news feed without it crashing, this makes me mad stop updating it so much you guys keep making it worse
Facebook
I am  using this version now.Ok.
Move App to SDcard, please (internal storage).
You need to mmake it where it can go onto your sd card.
.what a nice apps.
New version is very bad taking lot of time  18-10-14
It also alerts me of unnecessary things. And now, due to the recent update, its added my Facebook friends to my android contacts book which makes finding recipients more difficult. Terrible app. Just terrible
Very  best  in communication
anti social media crap
Nice
But it occupy much space
JMjM
The new update sucks. It take ages to load the content feed
Updated my Facebook app today (19/10/2014) and now I cant even access my fb! :/ thanks?
Scott
Its pretty good
I like it
This app sometime not able to download pictures.  This app not able to download Vedio
Suck dick bizni-e lol blah
Me
It doesnt load the pictures on my timeline since i updated the app
Ye its cool being able to stay posted
Would live to use messages without going online or having messenger
Don't ever you bankrupt!
Very good
Good
Fix fix fix it!
Still love it very much, 5 star
Every time, every day on contact friends
I   dont  chat ,  l  dont  share  but  facebook  helps  me  to  keep  an  amazing  relationship  with  my  frds .
Good
This app is so retarded if I wanted someone else to have control of my phone id share it with everyone I met
Hmm,Aku Cume Cari Saham
This app really sucks. Tired of the app closing all the time !!!
Good
Cute
Keeps cutting off as soon as i try to click on anything, cant do anything on it, its irritating
Love dis app
I keep getting kicked off FB whenever I try to share or try to go to my home page. I can look at my news feed ok and hit like and comment, but that's it. It's very frustrating,  cause I use my tablet a lot. Never had this problem before yesterday. Please fix this soon!!! Ok update now i get kicked off as soon as i open FB. This is just a terrible mess.
Like
Fuckin hates this...keep crashing on my galaxy tab...no problem with noe of the other apps...exept facebook....drives me crazy
Facebook synchronization of calendar is gone with this update...
It should be moveable to the SD card
Thanks FB
Great app.:easy to manage.instruction in a small to move.good team's work,go ahead
Better thsn before
So many updates
I luv to use this:-*
Itts slow
Loved it
Rajpot
Sivaperumal
I love Facebook app.this is really very good to contact with my family and my sweet friends...congratulations for New updates..thanks
AWESOME
Nice timepass
So noob apps , can close itself  Rubbish
I loved it

Why are my notifications coming in a hour later? I'm also having the same issue with the messenger app.
Good
Facebook
I Like it because i can chat to my friends
I dont want you to erased my picture or taked with out let me know. Let me chose not you. Let me keep my privacy please.
For an older version
Good

Slow slow slow :x :/
It's alright
No way I will agree to the permissions this app is asking for.
N/G..
Sure wish this app actually worked.
I love fb
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
Its gud
Filthbook.
Stop trying to force me to install other apps in order to use this stupid app. Maybe I'll just start accessing through a browser...
Love the new interface, except the only way I can access the new interface with comment "liking" is through News Feed, not thru a frends page
Bring back messenger integration
Awss....
Nice fb to connect my fAmily nd frndz
Error -24?
When the new update came. FB becomes laggy.
When I open a link from a trusted  website it doesn't allow me to go even though those websites are trusted! It always says that this link is bluh  bluh and only open websites that are trusted. Every yime I open a website that I follow, Facebook doesn't allow me and you'll have a choice to go back of follow link!
Way to many permissions! Plus it keeps setting itself back to "most popular" I hate seeing things 3-4 days old at the top of the feed
Its awesome:-(
I used to be a fan...
What's wronged with this apps open very slowely
heeeee
Nice
Very interesting
N smile
If I wanted Facebook to scan through my private life I would sell it to them not give it away for free..
Everyone is my friend amazing
So great but... Sometimes it crash. Please fix. 
Help keep in touch with frens
Good
Good
Bingo blitz
An open door
Hate that now I can't see my notifications or even get to them while scrolling through my 'most recent', which I should be able to make my news feed feature if I so choose anyway!! Get it together FB
Suka
The social media site itself is great. People have made it so messy! I use the site itself solely as a contact directory.
I love keeping up with out of town friends and family!!
Awhat up
Latest update will not allow FB app to even operate on my phone. Cannot refresh or load anything new since the update.
Lady
Fckn mugrero
Nice ui, i like it
it's very stupid. coz it always update.. my memory is already full. bogo ka!!!
Great...!!!
Awesome
Lovely app
Wont open for ages, gets worse everytime i update

fix this!! super big MB
Piyali Mittra
Who doesnt enjoy facebook!!!
Hiiii
It doesn't work and download ever.
Smaller size plz.
Privacy invasion!
new style is really cheap
Face book
Its ok
Peace
Dont want the messenger. Dont force to use it
Hhhhhaaaahhhhahaahhah seeeexxxxyyyy aaaapppl iiiisssss thhhissss
I don't like the fact that Facebook is trying to force the new messenger private messages are supposed to be private so I only give Facebook one  star  it don't have negative or I'd give a negative 5 stars Facebook has turned to garbage
Going well...
I like it...Abbasi bro.
Whant back original one
The app is good overall and accomplishes it's purpose, but I can't give it any more than 1 star because it always runs in the background even after being manually forced closed. This is a serious problem because I don't like battery drain and can't uninstall it due to needing it for some games. Please fix!
Always have hard time login
I lost my old face book i would like the games transfered to my new account please
Zbardast
Guys while im reading something it gets refreshed and i lost everything
Since the tab 3 update this app continously crashes. Worst app ever and if I could never use it I wouldn't. No one cares to fix it.
All of a sudden on my Samsung tab,  app keeps stopping and kicking me out 10-20 seconds in it
Yes
Very hard to download at once & will rate this later...
I like
When I want to see the videos it is automatically opening the browser
Video call??
Fb
Not sure if it's the app itself or what, but the news    feed pictures take forever to load & some never do load. Even though I've set the app to refresh every hour  I still have to manually refresh it every time I open it. Would like to see these issues resolved!
Not bad
I'm not able play that is shared in the Facebook when updated...the app closes when I try to play any videos in Facebook... plz fix this bug and find a solution for this...
I would give it a five star, but I have a problem with this App...each time I try delete a  picture that I have upload to my album that I think I don't like and when I selected delete and try to delete a picture it said try again later and even when I try again later or the other day is the same thing...I really wish if you guys could fix this problem guys
Too slow down loading
Facebook has gotten a LOT slower and takes up a LOT more room on my phone than it has in the past. My timeline isn't even in order. And when I adjust the settings to put it in order and still doesn't follow through properly.
Wonderful app ,keeps you up on everything !!!
I love this
Won't even launch half of the time
THE GREATEST!!!
Its good to use but add more options to make it more comfortable
Saleh ahmed
Bring the message system back um not downloading the FB messenger
Can't see my friends cover photos nor my own cover photo. This update is not pleasurable in the the slightest.
The nearby friends feature has stopped working. When I click it, it tells me to invite friends, and after I do, it still doesn't work. Uninstalled and reinstalled, still didn't fix it.
Everythings fine. But when toggling settings like activity log and security and tagging, it hardly responds. It is very annoying and consumes power to just set one setting. Incredible frustrating.
Good
Chatting
I really like the face book app.
Good to communicate with people around the world.
5*****
MY 3 SONS LIVE IN TEXAS!! IT IS THE BEST AND MOST WONDERFUL WAY TO STAY CLOSE!!!
Keeps closing on me no matter what I do. Uninstalled twice now. A pain in the tush.
VG
FB app use to be good now it's just easier to open up browser to view my stuff!!
I used to like the app but I think with the updates, it has become slower and slower
Seriously fix it
Good
Why is it I have to invite through sms or email it's keeping me from continuing task progress.
Ok good but improve in 2G network area also because some place only 2G  available
Bh
Love it
Cool. 
Rate it? Lol, I love it, who doesn't?
Stop asking for personal information that we do not wish to post
I love being able to have the facebook communication at the touch of a button and on the go
Ever since the update earlier today I can't scroll through the news feed. It allows me to see a few posts then closes the app. I reinstalled and still doesn't work. Very annoying and should be fixed.
Several functions aren't working properly. Nearby friends, nearby places, and decline invites.
Links don't open. Force closes. Never have given this app a good rating, probably never will.
This is the only communication I have with my boyfriend until he returns home in a really long time. I wish that I could log in, post things, and keep up with what he's doing but I can't. I can't even talk to him. I've never had a problem with this app until today. I tried to uninstall and reinstall but now I can't log in.
Nic aap
Installing facebook
cant check in with the update. Fix, por favor!
Nice
I love to use facebook
Better than what it used to be
Stop getting in my privacy
Always just a Moment, I can't log in my acc. -_-
Stupid
Facebook app
It works perfectly on my hp voice slate 6 but 1 complain u guys gotta stop sending such huge updates i mean give only important ones
Good
''
It keep crashes every ten seconds. Cant do anything with it.
3 updates in the last two days...now it keeps twitching and forclosing , i hate that I can't pick pictures except for 1 folder in my phone. My likes aren't going through..geeeez get it together !! This app just keeps getting worse , are you listening to anyone ??
I don't want a facebook app reading my text messages among other weird permission for this kind of app. The explanation they provide for using this permission cannot be verified
Whether you clear cache or clear data it never finishes "setting up Facrbook". Lovely, just lovely. Thanks for the ultimate downgrade.
Well its facebook
Amazing
Very good   Good
Its a winner
Yag
Nice the best
This app should'nt be on the playstore .. uninstall it
Plz bring message bck to fb app.   Not just can use in chatting app
Automatic refresh is stupid
Losing interest in this shot fast!
Why New upload made my Facebook app getting worse??? It didn't work now..... pls help me for fix it...
Crappy app
Good this app
While returning from a link clicked reloading the posts in news feed. It not pointing to post with clicked link. Irritating !
Love it, maybe if I could get it when I'm not on WiFi, or have not a lot of service... That would be amazing!
Everybody know...
Update hasn't made anything better, only SLOWER!! Tired of wasting data waiting for this app to do ANYTHING!! Now it crashes or freezes daily.
1234567
For this newer version
You're way too nosey! Have to use another app, just to avoid the intrusive nature of your messenger, so that I can access my inbox.
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever.
Try to make it more user friendly
The new one isn't cutting it.....everytime i try go share something it sends me back to visit the home page on my tab.....this is very annoying....FACEBOOK YOU NEED TO GET IT RIGHT!!!!!!!
Hate it for its encroachment on privacy.  Just stop it okay.
Very slow and nerve recking
Facebook
Nice apps
Raj chohan
Great app.
It liked pages that i didn't like.
Great app.
This is an amazing app downloade now
Thank
I hate it..it says update then i update but it keeps on hanging up. Always say setting up then cann0t be functi0n again...fix it please
Awesome
Good
Love it omg
Sphamandla Mkhize
I can't even open the app. It makes my screen flicker.
Chat with your friends and neighbors for free
It still shows me the old post and when I try to look at pictures. It wouldn't work at all. >:(
Just last week I updated and now its saying for another update.
Facebook doesn't respect privacy laws! Also, cannot stand the new messenger! Really?? I can't read my private messages unless I install your new update??? NO THANKS! FB IS GOING DOWN.
I liked and it's free app
I like u
Still Rubbish! Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. [It now uses 173MB of memory.] How much more space do you want?
I love face book
Always
The new update made the app crush after evere opening it by a minute
Whether its Instagram or Facebook some images won't reload even after multiple retry can't you guys fix this bug???
No words for this app
IT WONT LET ME DO ANYTHING WITHOUT JUST CLOSING OUT PLEASE FIX SO I DONT HAVE TO UNINSTALL
Awesome application
This update is not working on my Qmobile A10, fb is not opening by its icon I have to go to the playstore every time, whenever i need to use fb, please fix this problem.
Nice app

Facebook is great my bf is on there and if u see a pic on my circle thats my son
Nice
Good
So nice
I love fb  M
Since the last update the app is not working very well on my tablet.  I have a Samsung galaxy tab3.  It continously closes and I can't even comment or open my own profile because it closes. This error only happens with the Facebook app. My other applications are running fluently.
Nice
Its the best full package
Kannedy
Unparallel e-media for communication.
Thanda hai...
The apps ok but has short comings new feeds shud always b abt most recent n not top stories cus what fb consider as a top story may not be to a user
Social networking at its best
Before installing Facebook Messenger it is some what better in Xperia u..But after installing that.. It totally lags..hangs and always getting error...come on guys please port this for xperia u and maintain running it smoothly!!! :-(
It,s ok.
Is it true that Facebook is peeping into our private?
Liked it
I hate you all
New version is very bad  18-10-14
Very good and good accessing experience
The size of the app just keeps growing
Progress from previous visits dissappear,  likes,  settings etc.  What's the point of doing anything if it all just dissappears? FIX IT FIX IT FIX IT update : still garbage...
its getng crash everytime i go for login its a piece of trash rightnw.
Good
facebook
Big
Fun
Thanks
Faithful relatione
Nice
After playing a game when u end it.. it goes back to home screen & will not let u back in until u open it through Google apps
I hate this app.. repeatedly sign in..wtd
Better
I love the Facebook app but lately there have been some issues like: some links don't work, the news feed presents problems like not updating by itself or simply not updating at all (not even manually) and I have to force close and open it again so it works, but starts doing the same things over again after some time.
This is slow
NOW YOU'RE FORCING EVERYONE THAT USES THIS APP TO USE MESSENGER TO SEND & RECEIVE PRIVATE MESSAGES...THAT'S BULL$HIT!! I DON'T WANT MY FB FRIENDS TO HAVE MY PHONE NUMBER YET THERE'S NO WAY TO MAKE MY NUMBER NOT APPEAR...THAT MAKES NO SENSE & IS A MAJOR PRIVACY PROBLEM!! SERIOUSLY, YOU'D THINK SOMEONE INTELLIGENT ENOUGH TO BECOME A BILLIONAIRE WOULD HIRE DEVELOPERS SMART & SAVVY ENOUGH TO DEVELOPE A MUCH NICER, EFFICIENT MOBILE PRODUCT!!
Bad
Still no group search. Also now when you select friends and do a search. You now pull up everyone and not just friends in you list but everyone you might no even know or care to know. So the search is stupid and useless.
I just have 1 issue :-( I can't find what I need to on my timeline anymore it's goes down so many posts and it stops I miss being able to scroll through them all I needed to find something last night and couldn't can you please make something on there to see the rest and not just the highlights?! That'd be awesome other then that it's great I still give 5 stars!
the app wants too much I want to know why it needs so much information for my phone plus I'm big on privacy so I hate it..for all of this I might as well go through the browser.
Stop being so intrusive.
Loved it
I love it
Very bad
Now I can't see notification status when I'm on the Most recent tab??  WTF??
Keeps closing upon start up of the app, no need for me to have if I have to use my browser
The app is doing great for me. However, I would love to see continuity in terms of improving the user experience.
Forces itself thru your phone after you tell it not to
Every app has "too many permissions." It's what makes them work. Stop being paranoid, crackheads.
Excellent
Still doesn't default to a most recent view, therefore it is still crap. Why are Facebook so adamant that we can't have that view as a default? Obviously designed by idiots.
Osum...
Cool...
The feed is constantly behind. And notifications  is often few weeks behind.
Because strangers be trying to text me and send me friend request
I posted awhile back about this app it still is not working right still wants to close off when u try to log out takes forever because it wants to close off this was a good app its all messed up now because u cant get mon the facebook app nomore it closes all the time it didnt ever do that
All of the staff working in this project (facebook for android) are stupid, nonsense, basterd and use less fellow
Prem Verma  From  Dhanger  Fatehabad  Haryana  India
Your updates just keep getting bigger, taking up unneeded space. Uninstalling and never installing your app again, that is a promise. WARNING to anyone downloading this app, you will need a lot of space to handle it. They don't read comments it seems and push unneeded stuff into the app to make it bigger each update, get on a computer or something is my suggestion if you can.
U can download a app called something security from getting scams and stuff
The. Best thing evet
App continuously force closes when I am using my Galaxy Tab 3. Works fine on my S3 though. I don't understand. Please fix.
Its straight
Awesome
Good
Good
Thanx for resolving that reply on comment issue......five star for this
Massive bloatware & extremely intrusive. Forced contact sync without telling us & latest update leaves the app running after it's been closed. Force stop every time. Worst update I've encountered yet
Nice
Itna bhi ni bs,
haChew
This is excellent.
So nice
Fantastic.
Best in the world
I'm sick of this app and Facebook in general... I uninstalling. All I get is a white screen and nothing else when clicking the app. All the updates are horrible. And I'm tired of the stupid privacy issues and then wanting me to download all the other stuff. So done...
And my messenger app is saying I'm not connect.... Please figure this out! I can't message my buddies :)
Its okay
Good performance this application
Facebook
Sucks it doesn't show notifications if this was fixed it would be good
All these updates for this app. Eating all my storage space. Will be deleting Facebook from my phone.
Stay outta my device!
Seriously?four updates to this app later and still has the same glitch
Most helpfull to me.
Why does this update my newsfeed after every notification I check? That is absurdly annoying. It's impossible to find my place in the newsfeed again. It's so frustrating that I'm not going to use it anymore.
Simply super
Nice update is really worked i m happy.....
Unbelievable
Very useful social app
Fb
Very slow while pictures are getting displayed
Its realy electric connection with frens...
Dont want to sync my contacts. Dont let me comment, like or post. I logged out then it wont let me loggin again...
Facebook
M¨¹nchen
This like social network..
It was Really good
system files
Boss b****
Chaudhary       Kirshu chaudhary
Sameer froom inbia
Coolio
Bandu
Even on LTE and having full signal, it almost always hangs while loading my feed. Even on wifi it more often than naught will refuse to load.
Nice Job
I like it's
Prabapushpa
Samsung S2
You know the links don't really work on fb anymore right? It just opens up browser and does nothing (most of the time) . Come on, I know you know. It's OK, you can fix it.
I love it
Okok lyk
Waw
This facebook app constantly closes down and kicks you out!! Whats going on?? Very frustrating.  Cant look at anything without getting booted out!!!!
Since the latest update Facebook no longer works. It doesn't even start. FB is an important tool for me with family all around the world. I wish you would give me the option to update instead of just FORCING the update when I'm not looking. I can't even stop it. ZERO stars.
Hate it
Toppest
The app itself consumes about 120mb of phone memory
It is good but first is very good
Every time there's an update, the app will continually fail doing to most basic actions. Like watching videos, player crashes and brings up about six error messages. Or unfollowing someone, app fails outright. I've deleted my Facebook account once before entirely due to the app. I soon realized it's primary function, to me, is for communication with my family. But avoid this app like the plague. Or never allow it to update.
(y)
Very usefull
I'm very upset with the messenger? I shouldn't have to give up all my info just to use a program that I've always used in the 8yrs I've been with this social media site!!!!
good 4 photo upload
Too much Change and frustrated by your messages app, really considering of getting rid of Facebook, and way too many intrusive permissions. Go away (because I'm uninstalling you)
This last update really messed up the functionality of my Facebook app. I hope it isn't long before they fix the myriad of issues it's caused on my droid. Updates since... have not addressed my complaints but they've added new ones. Messenger is aggravating to use. It's difficult to get back to your Facebook features from.
After reading the reviews I refuse to install this app. I had problems with it before so.obviously nothing has been done to fix it. I understand that more than a billion people on your servers is a lot. However FB owners amd operators should be able to find a way to fix it. To be honest, it's really the fb addiction that is keeping you in business.  People have gotten hooked on fb and many enjoy the who social media aspect. If it wasn't for these facts, fb would have plummeted long ago.

Wouldn't rate 5 as the new feature of automatic video play on the wall is not a good feature. I am unable to use any other player to watch the videos as this facebook player is no where good with many options. Please remove this auto play feature. Or allow other players to access the video on the wall.
keeps crashing after the latest update!
Face book
Don't force your users to use the messenger application. My phone suddenly became laggy because of that messenger app.
LOVE It
Fatmir Bejluri
Book
Esy 2 use
Ahir
I don't need/want my dam contacts synchronized. Stop with the bullshit!!!!!
Such IDIOT DEVELOPER.,!!!
Facebook you suck. I hate every update and every new feature. Stop nobody wants them. It's a matter of time before people delete Facebook and move on to a better app.
It's not wright that you make us use messenger to talk to your family and friends. Facebook you need to reconsider the way you are going with the messenger. If you don't you will lose me and alot of others that will uninstall the Facebook app.SERIOUSLY. ..
I just love fb
Lost all my nearby friends with the latest update
I took it off my phone for a while, then installed it again last night and it wont open. Just says wait a moment, then never does anything. I tried uninstalling again and reinstalling and nothing. Useless
Brilliant created thing by human but makes the device slow...
Your not BIG BROTHER.  Stop trying to make us sync and download that messanger app that violates our privacy.  Im about to just use the web for everything that Facebook does
Its okay but it is slowly
I don't like that when I turn off status notifications on something I've commented on -I STILL GET THEM. I don't like that I see the most popular post not the most recent. My feed has been infiltrated by status from companies excessively. I like the messenger app all together with the fb app not seperate. I just feel fb was always invasive but now you all are blatanlty invasive with no cares. I need fb in a sense to keep in contact with the people that matter and so for now I'm STUCK.
Gud

It's a verry good app
No photo comments ... Automatically goes to the top while scrolling down.. Can't even read it properly..
Luv it but it takes up to much space
Destroying lives since 2004
Face book
Facebook has seriously gone downhill.  I use to use it daily and it was pretty cool. Now it's just a mess of rubbish adverts and spam on every other post that you can no longer avoid thanks to auto play. Cheers for using all my data. I don't want forced contact sync nor your messenger app!. Uninstalling sadly.
Hoooggh
Amazing
Used to be able to back out of app then go back and have a messenger list. Now I have to force close to get it to refresh.
Why crap something that worked fine? Fix the sorting please of the news-feed for goodness sake!
Nice aap
Good app
Better
Every updates gone increasingly worse.
Good... And more features
Education
Constantly shutting down, updated, still shutting down
love it
Good
Sayan
5 star rating
46220
Camel man
Why do I need a separate app to message???
Dear Facebook,  how come with every update something goes horribly wrong.  Since latest update I can't view any of the pictures people or my self post. Also I don't understand why most recent doesn't include every post from all of my friends. I can literally have my computer open and phone open and see two completely different most recent feeds. Please quit trying to think you know what your users want to see. Cause you are absolutely wrong.
Aws.......
I Love Facebook I Have Had It For 4 Years Now I Love It
Now I can't get my facebook to work at all.
Totally awsome...
Stop forcing my friends contact number in FB into my contacts. What if there is a emergency and all those contacts made us unable to find the contact easily? Disabled it for now
Its gorgeous!
The app just stops when I am in the middle of things.  Didn't happen before the latest updates.  Almost useless at times.
Metured
Most recent should be the default newsfeed, not the top story that I've seen a hundred times.
Right now Facebook reviews are declining by the thousands. Since the last update, I can't even stay on the site for more than 2 minutes. And even then, cuts me off if I attempt to make a comment. Your site is beginning to fail miserably. Note what happened to My Space when something better came out. Maybe someone should be looking at that now.
Play
Sarita kasherm pawar
Facebook seems don't care about costumers opinion.. very very very slow loading.. not responding.. waste my time..
Love it
Awesome
Good
Vhzhzhzh Rok leti tujhe agar tjpe mera hak hota na jane dati tujhe khud se agr tu mera humdard hota
Gud
After new update its crashing .....plz fix it ......dont wanna give 1 star to this lovely app.
Love it when she does this OMFG I THOUGH I WAS TEXTING SOMRBODY
OK
Honestly, why are you even reading reviews? You all know what Facebook is.
musicvideo

Like
App freezes at "setting up Facebook..." And force closes. Fix this issue
Nice....
very good
good
I am happy to open FB on mobile in emergency.
Only reason I have it is because its bloatware
It is the best
Sexy application
never true...i can't read news feed...stupid update
eror
Ok
Why its slow in Samsung galaxy s3
I get the app notification whenever somebody replies to any of my comments. But to see them I need to open facebook in browser. Fix this
Bad update. Can't access fb on my phone.
Why is there a new update every week and nothing changes? Pointless.
When i try to update the P.P i choose one of the already P.Ps but it becomes as a new P.P  with no likes or comments !
Worst app..very slow...shame on u Facebook....zucker ur app sucks

Perfect for facebooking
Very slow...
Very nice
will randomly scroll down  or up when im lookig at something so  annoying.
Facebook
Can't login
Very.....very gooooood
Nice to chat with friend's
Facebook won't load from homescreen icon. It keeps going to the app store or play store to open it
Black beuty
Best

999
Gopi
Finally implemented comment replies, took your time. As if the people who design the app cant give people what they want, you make enough money. :/ The only good thing about messanger is that i can use it over other apps on android which saves me from opening and closing others. :|
Rama
Its very simple to use.
.. My phone keep showing insufficient storage when the download is finish :|.. I even removed a lot of apps phone storage. Still it keep showing like that..
Why update?
My all friends
Yiu guys are sick bartereds why do you wanna go through my privacy
Nice
make my old phone is slow..
Better than Previous Version Speed Much Better Than Previous Version I LIKE IT
Really nice app,Easy to use
I love fb
I logged out and in. Now my photos are not syncing on wifi only. Yes my wifi is working. Yes I have logged in and out numerous times and it worked before.  Please help.
super duper speed
Nice aaps
STILL, with the recent update as of Oct18, FB keeps crashing on my unit all the time!! Which is something not use to happen before the last 3-5 updates! Please fix it, it's really annoying.
I thought the last version was the worst version I've ever had on my phone, so I've been updating hoping it would get better. I was really exited that the app looked like the old version again, however the option doesn't exist to make my news feed most recent, and not top stories. Either that or I just can't find it. On that note, I'd like to say that nobody wants to stories. Ever. The fact that it's default is stupid. This app it's pretty much useless to me until I can get top stories.
My fvrt app
Would have given more stars if I were not forced to install a separate messenger app.
Facebook forcing to sync my contacts I keep changing it and they keep changing it back deleted app
At work
Because I can talk to my friends and family in Mexico.
Muni
l  thinl  facebook  is okay  just  now  learning  ot
Good
Get new stories synchronous
ggggg
I am having similar issues with this app on my tablet that I have read others are having. It used to work fine. I was hoping this update would fix the force close issue that happens everytime I try to read or post something. Especially since the update was fixing reliability issues. This is a HUGE reliability issue in my opinion. I have no problems on my phone which is the Galaxy S5, which is the only reason i gave this 3 stars. My preference is to use my tablet over the phone. PLEASE fix this!
Awesome
It's good app
Nice
Hate this app bcoz messenger has been split to another app. Another space burden.
95537187

Its OK annoying and feel like its a invasion of my privacy but everything is now days.
Facebook Kills
Lovely n simpal
Since the latest update it takes too much time setting up facebook. Fix it!! It's really annoying!!
New update SUCKS!! Put the old version back, using my browser from now on...
nice app
not that much
I like this
It won't download I had it installed but I had to update my phone now now it won't download I can't even get on fb through the Internet so can someone please help
Facebook messenger  &notification  are very useful & helpful ,excellent ...
Not bad.
Badiya hai
Iv had it with this app I'm never using this app aging. Ever since the most resent update iv ben forced to have my contacts sync. I change the setting it freezes then forces closed. Then next time I get on then go send a text there back aging.  Iv had it things are just getting worse. If ur going to send out a update make sure it works 100% before u send it out!!!!!!!!!
Other than invading the privacy of users, I see absolutely no differences in the new updates for the past few months.  Now the app force closes constantly and doesn't scroll properly.  Feed repeats itself instead of showing any new stories.
Nice nice nice
Cool
Separation to messenger is a bad move
Uninstalled application completely. Froze up phone until I deleted it. Until application uses SD card for application, I will not install this again
It keeps forcing close. Ive updated it and uninstalled it twice. Fix please
Good apps xsilns wab
Mast hai.
In last couple of weeks performance has gone ready bad. Phone is 2013 Moto G
Muhammad.Amir
Setting up so slow
I'll NEVER trust Facebook with my personal data and my security preferences EVER AGAIN.
Wow
Best
Good application
So good

Quit bumping me back to the beginning of my news feed and let ME make the decision  of either most recent feed or most popular!!!!!!!
Don't like the new messenger so I deleted it. I don't want FB having access to my personal life, that's not cool.
Too much memory and messenger kept on force me to download. Not enough memory. Way selfish and too control. Need to change that ASAP! And need to create sticker for deaf people's sign language. Thank you.
Best service to public
I seldom type WTF, but...WTF?
I like it
Hey guys are well worth it is a good idea
Woooooo
Good
I HATE THAT IT SHOWS WHERE I LIVE IF SOMEBODY SHOWS UP AT ME DOOR I'M GOING TO BLAME YOU FB YOU AND ONLY YOU CUZ THERE IS NO WAY TO TURN THIS OFF SO FB FIX IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bien.
Every update makes the app harder to navigate.  So many other apps walk you through new updates; FB makes major changes and leaves you in the dark.
It's ok
My faborite

slow and log
Anil
Please make a fb app for low price mobiles..its getting hangs lot
Your update removed my list. I can't even re-invite the original friends on my list. This app has so many issues, I don't know where to start.
Top
Heavy.  Intrusive.  Battery drainer.
Pathetic wanting to know all my contact details......
DESIMINATING <3
Comment
facebook is crap
No comment
Now i can stay in touch with ma frens
Liked it
Totally great
good job
Yap
i will love it  God bless him
Nice
Lyked it..need sm more modifications
Awsm
DISGRACEFUL! !!  WHEN I CLICK on notification menu the POKE from others is Never There. ....PL FIX. ..
Why do you need to force us to download messenger? Messenger takes half of my phone storage and I hate it! Please let us to message others by just using the facebook app NOT the messenger! I already read some comments and they do also hate it. Please do fix it. ASAP. And please read the comments. I love facebook but no for now. Sorry.
Nice
OSM
Since I updated my OS on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, Facebook abends whenever I try to access comments, notifications, groups, or sometimes just when reviewing my news feed. I have tried rebooting my tablet, uninstalling and reinstalling Facebook, uninstalling, rebooting, then reinstalling Facebook... nothing is working. I don't know if an update to FB is needed but this is becoming very frustrating. Funny thing is I don't have the same issues with it on my phone (Samsung Galaxy S3), even after updating the OS.
Goooooooood
I will be able to do with my family has been in the world of the year of the year and a lot of the most important to me know if I can see the new York and I have a good day and age group is the first to know that the company and its been awhile back from a different kind and a lot to be able I will not be able to get the best of luck with the new York city and the other hand I am a beautiful person who is the best way to get the best of luck with the new York city and the other hand I am a beautiful person
Jjang!
Lame layout and design considering it's one of the most used apps
A toda madre la cara de el fa c e
Yfh
Papramprampram
In last new update .. The fb dosent determine the location 
Rather slow to install
Completely rubbish. Can't even upload a single picture
Opera
Everytime I click a link the app crashes.  Tried reinstalling. ..did not fix.  Not functional.
Supar
Hi pls Don t download
Ali786
I ABSOLUTELY JUST LOVE FACEBOOK AND I'VE PROBABLY HAD IT SINCE I WAS LIKE 11.

I love it :-D
How many apps does it take to manage your presence on Facebook???  The punchline is probably still evolving, but so far it's facebook, messenger, & page manager, for me, which is 2 too many. However, my #1 complaint is that the Facebook app needs to incorporate the ability to stop receiving notifications on a post after the user has commented on a post. After I congratulate you on your new job, house, or baby, I don't need to be made aware of every other post that basically states more of the same.
Superb for use
I wonder how can i like or follow pages i didn't know them ever..stop spamming .that's really annoying! !
You just taking more memory each update and service is still bad
Not able to download it
Memantiene ocupados asiendo amigas e
Application is nicely composed.. But don't know why its getting updated after every 3 days..Wasting data plan...
Facebook is awesome. Just don't like certain "New" things that they did to the app. But, other than that it's cool.
Its the best
Chorom
Love Facebook
I can add people on my own thank you. No need to access my contacts list
Face book
You are now down to one star and it probably won't be long until you are off my phone if the forced messenger and sync doesn't stop. Look you're as bad as the nsa. Quit forcing thing's on us like our contact's to sync,and force messenger on us and also deciding which video's we can watch. When I message someone it is private and not there to be read by you as I type to see if you approve. I don't want or need your approval of what I say to friend's and family
Sometime error
:):)
Very nice
Very bad
It's now crap facebook is forcing you to use the messenger. That's just plain stupid.
Keeps crashing and closing on my Samsung Galaxy  3 tablet. Please fix it and I'll upgrade my star rating.
Takes forever to load
Very good
Some irrevocable action does not come with confirmation. Latest version force to stop becoming super slow. Missing android:installLocation="auto" Take up more than 50MB, Not movable to SD. Caching in the background after sign out. Auto start. Privacy, can't set post to multiple group.
I. Like facebook
I do most of my stuff on Facebook
Invasion of privacy. Leave this sh*! behind
I like you
Keeps exiting to home page  Can't post anything  very annoying
Take so much space on ram
Hello
Boleh aku layan page Amran Fans tiap-tiap hari..
50/50
Nice to stay in touch !!!

I AM ABOUT TO UNINSTALL THIS APP IF IT DOSNT GET FIXED. no mater what i try to do either post, comment or just check other comments the app stops and closes out. I cant even reply to my friends and i need to be able to do so.
EXCELLENT APP
Excellent
'Nuff said
Fb
We talk and pray for one another   .
Its really annoying that Facebook requires users to install Messenger for chat
Benelaizarh
Too much memory
Keeps dropping out of Saudi Arabia Time Line
How many times should I update my Facebook account..?? Last week I had updated then why again now if you force me yo update Facebook every week I'll uninstall it next time instead of updating.. Please see to it that again next week update should not come on my phone

I think it's pretty cool that you can find friends that you haven't seen in 20 30 years
Level ha bro....
Facebook i cant opened on my phone ? Re u really make it faster ? I dont fell it
Worst
Best app
Since launching Messenger, the facebook app has grown unstable and likes to lose for no reason. But then they did an update. Now it closes the moment you try to do anything. Literally anything, including just scrolling the main feed page.  Guess i will log in through my brower.  (Then again, thi $ is facebook, so everyone is going to download the app regardless of how buggy and useless it becomes.)
To keep in touch with my people's.
WITH THE HELP OF FB U WILL BE con
Wele bandeya da kam we facebook
Worst update ever
Boleh tahan
Please make the others folder accessible through app and add custom specific audience privacy. Thanks
cant copy links
Getting better until the Messenger moved to separate app for no good reason, but still bugs with notifications with no way to see.
I want to  un update it but it won't let me.  If u change that I will give it 5 stars
Respecing your app
Asif Khan
Needs updates that will decrease RAM consumption
Keeping up close together. The best!!!
Akmal khan
Babul
Like it
Better than my windows fb app
Facebook never stops .. but sometimes in the facebook had bad sideeffect..bad for little children ..
Automatic update made my phone freak out and freeze. I had to uninstall and reinstall. Then it force synchronized my contacts. Gross! If I want that done I can do it myself.  I might be done with fb altogether.  Too invasive.
When I try and open Facebook my screen just flashes at me and it won't let me close the app, my phone just freezes so I have to reset my entire phone, this has started to happen since Facebook updated. Such a shame.
Bring back the old facebook
Low
Facebook
Luv the way m cnnected wid fb

It says the update was for speed and reliability.  I have neither.
Great way for contacting other people
Facebook, my news feed on my moble phone is now my pages feed. What the heck? Your latest mobile update isn't great for the galaxy S4. Everything is out of place. Fix it please asap!
itni achi nai ha bar bar hang ho jate ha
it is vip

How can such a large company not make a good app? Why would anyone want to see anything but the most recent posts in their feed? No other app functions this way. Even the Facebook owned Instagram shows chronological order.
Not working with Android 4.4.2. App is not responding many time while running.
Love ....
Facebook is the best to me. but it don't work properly.                                                                  You must be           repaired =( =( =(
So slow! It takes whole day to open such app like this fb. New update is no effect. Pls fix!
M
I WOULD OF GIVEN IT NO STARS IF I COULD. THIS IS THE MOST IDIOTIC UPDATE EVER IN HISTORY! WHAT, THE UPDATE IS MORE RELIABLE, AND FAST.. BULL SHT! TAKES FOREVER TO LOAD, HOPE SOMEONE COMES OUT WITH A BETTER SOCIAL NETWORK, AND THIS CRAP WILL BE A THING IN THE PAST. DON'T UPDATE! IT'S A TRICK. THIS IS INVASION OF PRIVACY!
Ok
Rapchik
Michael o sullivan Andy Byrne David Byrne Jonathan Ryan jeannie Blackwell Rachel downes luke stafford lacey pj galvin niall Clifford Kyana delivery niamh godiey orlaith godiey Eoghain sheehy padraig o Connor joe fahy
Me and my boyfriend
F
Takes very loooooong to load pages
Shinningell
Quite laggy
Easy And Accessible To Use On The Move..
Tybj

Nice aap
Full
12Saudi
Wont open ever since i updated the app
Good
Cant scroll, post status, or view comments without crashing! Fix now!!
I don't want facebook scouring through my private life. Stop forcing yourselves into my contact list and trying to force us to sign up for your messanger. Which btw is nothing but a giant privacy scam. If I didn't have all of my photos on facebook I would've deleted my account a year ago.

improve the loading time ..
B
I need to force stop the app 5 times a day because it's not able to update the news feed. Something always wrong on this shite. And it forces me to use the messenger! What the fck is that?!
hi mnew tefha bselam new selam nek ayedel?ene betam selam negn
New update are not friendly n useless. I am unable to make any change in account setting. Whenever i tried to click on account setting than it appear like written word and i am unable to click on those links. Kindly fix these problems asap. And Kindly make it moveable to sd card so that we can save phone memory. Thanks.
When updating information to an app, it shouldn't stop functional properties that are still available.  Notifications that were set up don't show up as badges anymore. So I don't know when or if something is there. Contacts are added to my address book even though I select NOT to sync contacts. I don't care for 'reading only' contacts to be added. I shouldn't have to 'hide' each and every one in my contacts just to minimize and make my phonebook easily accessible.
Nice
I love it <3
Just ok
Mr lover boy.
Nice
Niro
I liked
Super
Ok
Its good!
This is terrible. I can't log off of Facebook, it won't let me ever since I did this upgrade. So I guess I will charge Facebook when I start getting roaming/data fees on my cell bill.
It's addicting to see updates. Do not like all these updates.
Facebook is a place to be where you can have friends so Shi'ites and family that you really know and understand and they can put their status how they feel today and you can help them alone with your good day but anyway what I'm saying is facebook is a place to be to where you can have fun and talk and have a good conversation book try it and have fun at the same time god bless you have a sucessful day sincerely she was Facebook
The new update is chewing through my data allowance fix it!
Ruined by recent updates
Nope
A fine cool & a fast app in google play store.
Works great on my Samsung S3 but when I try it on my Samsung Tablet it comes throwing me out of FB.
My heart
Good
fantastic
still i can't have smiley option in comments...thinking of uninstall fb app
Facebook
I like this
Show and Tell
I love this
Goood
Imagine if all your parents' friends were in one place online.
Why can't the app be associated with the Facebook link in the browser, YouTube can?
Removed!
Work
I  love  face  book
When we upload photos through this stupid app I have to scroll a million times to find my  photo cause I have a lot of those. Would be very better if it let gallery handle the photo browsing part insted of through this app.
SURENDRA DANODIA
It is one of the best apps but we need download vedios directly by this app.
good a app for Facebook
So Facebook....you have turned into a bully! Forcing your members to download apps and tuning "options" into "required"! Disappointing FB...
slow on fb
I think this app is good enough to be in touch. I don't want to install another to get the chat. I think this is stupid, get an app to chat in facebook is unnecessary.
Lots of bug fix updates but nothing new in UI/Visuals. Same old facebook every update. Haven't noticed any issues
Bring back my messages, i don't want to download the messenger i had it for a week and out killed my phone in under 7 hours, I have a battery that lasts 24 hours or longer. I downloaded the app so i could have all my Facebook needs in one app not 3-4.
It worked better before.
Invasion of privacy
facebook g00d   4 everyone
I would give it to 5 stars but since the update it takes forever to load. Half the time I have to reinstall it to het all my friends statuses. Not worth keeping on my phone.
Nice app i means to say its 5* @pp
Error-24
Superbbbb
Lags and freezing on my phone . Why we cant copy page url on this app
Wow
som oun
Lovely
Everybody
Great app... Nice.....
Good
Getting worse evey single uptade.

Best
NOW 4 months later and it's still not working right. Worked for 2 minutes. Error loading, error loading, error loading.   This is just ridiculous now
No prompt no warning. All of a sudden all my friends were in my contacts. Turned off the sync and they were still there
family
Yeah ok
awsum
Later updates have tackled a lot of the bugs and added some good features. Performance is good on my Nexus 5 and it's steadily getting to the point where most things can be done without the need for a full web browser. Keep up the good work!
Expect mobile calls as well
Hai how are you
Good
Itz is a humble request to fb to gibe a option to download video's itz not only my request itz frm all of us plsss
Best and easy to use
Cool.
I don't get a lot of my notifications, nor do pictures load on this updated version.  Also,  links do not open up often.   Very annoying.
Good
Go to hell
love it
Facebook

I need not to save contacts              It automatically synceed my phone contacts
It helps communicating with lots of ppl where ever a person is
Facebook
good, but too high in memory... can you make it low?
Love it... Thank you...
How Awesome !
2 apps for full functionality?  Wtf. I think its time I switched to g+.
Best way ever to keep in touch with loved ones,
But share photos, videos & all world massage gaving share
5"10" tall (215) Lbs brown eyes,brown hair 34 years old, very good looking
Nice very fast
BUG
Convoluted and unnecessary and increasingly user unfriendly just like the website.
Love it!
IT SAVES EVERYTIME WE USE FB, IT SAVES THE NEWS FEED PLS FIX IT.Now My FB contains 300mb+ because of the saving crap. Fix it pls
Its amazing
Decrease the app size!!!!!!!!
Nice
Like
Like it
Doesn't let me watch videos. I know it seems like a whatever problem but I really like watching all of those funny videos. Please fix this. Until then 1 star.
Its hanging always...its uses lots of memory in the device.
Why can't we download videos tho plz change cuzz that would be awesome
Good one
Features come and go like the wind.
I love this
Is it ur guys any bodys business to my phone to view all personal info like pictures no right like cell numbers/home numbers no right that's called invasion of privacy no right stop doing this k. Oh yea no right.
Love it
Love it sometimes
My faecbook  open
Works a lot better
Fix your crap. This app doesn't like to load and takes up way too much space. You have turned this app into sh*t.
Its good
Gyan
Too gud yr...
Those contact syncs are horrible!!! Really Facebook really?!
Loved it so much
Everyones problems.. I got most of them... I would delete app... But it's built into phone!
It's the vest app to connect with others
to much memory used and update everyday but not change a single thing
Good
Awesome
Its a very time pass app
Ok
Meh it's fb
Loved it
Anoop Prabhakar
super
Hate messenger!!

Love it and love it and .. Love it
Cant even expected like this
I stay in touch with friends and family throughout the nation and around the globe.  Nice.
The news feed is the biggest problem. Why did you guys make top stories default, whose genius idea was that?? I also don't like when I'm automatically put back to the stop of my news feed. If I wanted to view newer stories I would have pressed the little button. Every update I hope that you guys get your heads out of your butts and actually improve this app.
Description
I mir
Whenever I try to refresh mine or most friends, it just goes WHITE! Soooo frusterating. Since the last update its good 4 nothing ... p.o.s!
Very slow... When I touch icon to go to fb it takes forever to load and when I try to view a video I have to touch video once then back out then touch again for it to load what's up with that?
I'm deleting off my phone if your automatically going to sync all contacts to my phone that's bs! And how can u force people to download the message app...I REFUSE TO AND NOT GOING TO! FIX NOW!
Since the last updates all I get is "Trouble loading news feed. Retap to try."
Dhinchak
The app is real good in terms of performance and all that. But making the download of messenger mandatory was a bad idea.
Tdk boleh di update
Pisbuk lang aku kapag istris
Slow app, doesn't work very often.
Why dont you guys just stay out of our private things
Lava iris456
Excellent!
Why was your app working on all my devices and now inhave nothing but problems with the app even staying on. I CANT LIKE statuses I can't share anything. This was only being a problem on my tablet but now my laptop too. I have to use either of  my 2 phone to do anything please fix
What is up with force syncing?  I don't need my contacts synced for me!!  Thank you?? Not to mention messaging. . Please correct these issues.

The app is cool
I can't watch videos
It takes too long to open. Is hard to belive that a company with a lot of resources like Facebook isn't able to do a decent app. The background work slows down my phone and the app data is to big. The more I use it the more annoying this app becomes. It's an app that comes with every phone and can't be delete it; So tell me, why the hell is this app slowing down 1gb ram phones? It's a bad thing that this app can't be delete.
I want this apps
Turn off notifications does NOT WORK.  Your app is a POS.  Just like your company.
superb
ok now....
Been on fb quite a while now.  Some updates I find useful some I don't.  It has evolved, then again so have I.  It is "MY" facebook.  I use it to do what I want it to and it allows me to do that.
it doesnt download. its says error pls help me download my fb. thanks
Every time i want to open it in my mobile forecloce emidietly......... after i update.........pls fix this problem............
Not a bad app.bt not also a gd app.
It keep crash in many times.
I love this app
Sick of it trying to sync...sort it out seriously.
Google Store.
I up dated Facebook and it's not working
Can't login through the app
ITS SO FUN
How great could it be
After update it doesn't allow me to log in. Please fix!!!!!!
I love face book but not messenger it couldnt give all our infro
The most popular and chosen
Love facebook
It wont even let me log it. It keeps saying "Setting up Facebook" or "Just a moment.." and then it crashes. Please fix.
I couldn't save pics on my profile.
A nuam ber dawt tu he2
Tooo
Bat I have not Facebook call
Love it a lot . Superb app
Starting it was amazing but later it became really slow i have to install it thousand times !!!
New update leaves out a lot on the news feed. I'm missing out on things that i want to see.
Good
I can't install it  
its hard to open i use wifi already and my wifi is ok but still to much hard to open it,,,my notifications are not loading i want to see the latest updates of my notifications but its not loading also my newsfeeds are the same,,,pls fixed it so that i give 5 stars,,,,
Always saying something went wrong when trying to load news feed since update last night....s5
Bole la...
Para mi es algo muy importante ya que estando tan lejos de mi familia el estar en contacto con ellos es lo mejor .
Excellent
awsome appilication,I am very happy to download this app.
Face book
Nice app
I don't know
Like
Very good
Very good
This is.my fav
I loved it
Instead of donating millions to Ebola research, get an app that works. I shouldn't have to download a separate app to message. You suck!
Very nice
Good app on the whole but some features missing on Android such as emoticons for writing a status!
Messenger is such a nuisance!
To download messenger app
slow
I am not Margaret.  Can not getv my Facebook on my phone. Cell Service is under Margaret account, but this number is my number not Margaret. Facebook will not load my Facebook. Always inserts Margaret.This is wrong!   Kapish?
Best
Why I need to download the messenger before read the message? @@
Stopped working after 5 seconds of opening the app.very annoyed.hope fix soon.
Something wrong with my fb its too long before its open always asking for report
Not happy....can't share any 'posts to page' since updates  . There was another update today 2nd Oct and I still can not share the posts even after reporting it to Facebook about 8 times. Weeks later and still not fixed...18th October....I have reported this more than 20 t8mes to faceboom. Update today still didn't fix it grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
But mobile! Also do those who dont know u can turn off the sync. I did.
I do not want my FB contacts Automatically synced to my cell phone contacts! ! I deleted the App & reinstalled to get rid of that!!! No Facebook on my phone if it happens again!  FB can't take over my phone! That's a violation of privacy!
bad and too slow
Its awesome
Nice
nur alia
Nice app
Itzz awesomeness
Installed
Biggest problem is it chronically fails to authenticate my login, making access very time consuming and extremely frustrating. When it does finally accept my login, it often arbitrarily expires my session and kicks me out. Grrrr.
This version locks up changes security settings on it own, while scrolling it is very jerky. I am running Android it is truly horrid.
Video can watch only but no option for download, need to add video download option.
Loading too much when entering to Android for the first time.
I try again but is nut work my  app.
Love it
Its slow complicated and annoying gonna get a knew hobby phones app so messed up every up date how many people have ulost on this alone grrr
Facebook
What do u think
I hate that I feel to make my phone work right I have to put fb back on factory set. Otherwise it bogs down my phone .
Stop with the updates. You genius Facebook inventors are making it worse with every update.

Hmmmmm.....k k
I can't use it. Freezes at setting up even though it was set up before. I tried to wipe the catch and user data and my phone restarts. I try to reinstall and my phone restarts. Good job.
Logers ! Pls let fast downloading anything not in wifi 's ughhg.....:-P
Drains battery significantly
N
I will be in the middle of reading my news feed and it will all of a sudden send me back to the top and I can't find what I was reading!!!
Tons of options not available from the desktop version
Keeps force closing and not opening the app
Nice
It is need 25 minutes to open and then why my friens, why ???? After i wait for 25 minutes it is end with error
Boring App as compare to Old one
Zareefwardag
Jalal123
good facebook
Crashes when i post, scroll, select or do nothing. Not happy. Removing app.
R.k.choudhary
SAILABANU
still not working correctly, when I log out it sends me right back to a homepage on my phone and when I want to log back in it says trouble downloading news feed and wont log out 100 percent.
PlZ if u can make it fast then i will give it 5 star
Why would you merge my contacts to my phone's contacts without asking me? So stupid! I am gonna delete fb soon and many other friends will be too
Very good
It is a good software but this is not downloads on Samsung galaxy 7582
I can't open....setting up so wasting time to open grrrrr...please fix it...
Facebook is and has always been awesome
Stop forcing me to install Facebook messenger.
Yap!
bravo
I hate  that it forces you to download fb messehger or you can't read your messages.  Stop trying to get us to sync everything to FB if we wanted it sync we would of done it. Stop the bullying FB we won't tolerate it any longer.
Very good
This is a very good app; I recondmend this app too anyone.
I wish my feeds would update everything on my app is from days ago but if i open FB on my computer, i get more recent stuff. Even if i go to most recent, i get messages from days ago. That sucks!
So much
The update is buggy. Everything takes forever to load. At first I thought it has something to do with my internet connection, but all my other apps that require internet are working normally.
Besta
My bast appppppppps
The program files are to big and take up to much space. The new messaging system is a joke.
goooood
Very good.
Good
NIce-..
I like it. Features are awesome not mentioning the speed. It slows dowm my phone. Thats the only problem. But it is still awesome :)
Omaya
Love it
I love this app
Ok
this apps is very nice
Love your facebook
Very reliable,downloads my pics in a snap,I LUV messenger 4 more of a private conversation!!
Ok
ayemin2345613
Keeps freezing on me
Consumes lots of ram and processer
Sagwal
Cool
Not sure what you did but it's not working well for me.
Love it ;)
Loved it
Awesome!
Fb
Stp, stp sending me back up to the top of news feeds. Its annoying when I've gone thru so many for fb to jump me to the top n I ave to return to where I was. Fix it! Plz. Messenger should b an option.
It is better divce
Data hog, does not load all the images, still not able to stop notifications on other posts, battery drain very high when in use.
Facebook solved our distance of all friends
Could of been planned better
Not working with my cherry mobile
There is no reason you need access to my personal data.
slow and keeps on freezing everytime.
Facebook
In love with it
It takes years to log in and to log out. Everytime i log in it keeps saying "setting up".
All those who give 1 star because of messenger are big stupids because it for people who use facebook for chatting,i like that app,i would say thanks to facebook.
Facebook
Meeting people
Great update keep the good job ur rocking
Always gets error message as "Facebook not responding". Have to kill the app most of times. Force to install messenger on messaging, another app which eats some more RAM.
Love it much
I LOVE IT SARANGHEYO
App doesn't even start after last update.
So annoying. It freezes and then goes to my tablets home page
Everytime I do anything but view the main page it crashes. I don't have this problem with  any of my other devices. I'm useing my Samsung Galaxy tablet 3 And this problem has been going on for 2 months now. Can someone please help me out. Thanks so much.
The app is very slow. We can browse Facebook faster on another browser in the mobile site. Also there's no option to see the top comments on a post. And in the pages (fan pages etc.), there's no link to see the photo albums in the page. There's no option to see the posts in the chronological order. There's no option to save a video. Also .gif files cannot be uploaded. If all these issues are fixed I'll give a 5 star rating. Download option for video not available.
Great app..
Using micromax knight look and feel of premium mobile and this app works great
Crap. Keeps crashing.  Total bloody rubbish
It works great with my evo...: )
Smart
Stupid auto-refresh will scroll the feed back to top WHILE I'm browsing it. Also, when using other apps and coming back to FB, it does not remember the last view. And now it looks like it crashes my Chrome and YouTube when tapping links..
Good
Good
I like it
Its OK
It's Realy Fantastic <3 I Love It Too Much
It crashes most of the time, it always says authentication failed. Galaxy note 2.3.6
The new update keeps freezing every time I touch the screen and will not respond. It also keeps carrying me back to the beginning of my feed. Please fix!!
It is the best way to see the world and make relation
Wow
App
Why did my app just update without asking? While given you guys access to all my info including taken and or recording video. Along with every other private option. I did not OK this. I hope there's a class action lawsuit on you guys. I'll be searching to find one constantly. You've also been flagged
Refuses password .won't accept new ones .only lets me in by back door. Then tells me no account for this the only device I have, on this very device.
Cannot login to Facebook   from the Scrabble app. They say its your error - issue 1118578.
Angelica_deborja@23
Ravi muthuvel
Nice
Love it
App closed on click.
All my friends and family are on Facebook
FACEBOOK
Was good be for update now just crashes all the time search for something crash try to play video crash use msg crash mite uninstall and just use web version to much of a pain in ahole .UPDATE NOW EVEN WORSE WONT EVEN STAY OPEN FB APP U SUCK TIME TO DELETE GO TO ONLINE
I like it
V gud application
Y
There's nothing to not like about fb
Rajesh Aggarwal
My mums always using it
Fully faltu
I hate when displays the messanger add if i click on call button... Better to make perfect one application instead of wasting time for the two application...
Stalls saying setting up facebook
Good
its breakfast lunch n dinner is MBs of internal memory eaven after moving d app to SD ..... f*** u Mark ..... ur a billionare still cant make a good f***ing app ....
Love it
It lets me post comments but then I can't edit or delete them
Much better
Dope
Bakvasss
Evergreen. ..app
What type of error is it
Like it
I can't see some of the photos in my news feed, even i reconnect, its still the same,.. I open diff browser for that..
Stop with the bloody updates. I see no difference. Only different bugs each time!
After update to the latest version, the apps seen to be not working. Keep on the screen written setting up Facebook for few minutes also can't go in to the new feed. Please fix this. Thanks.
Bye
What is going on with my news feed? I don't want to see post from a week ago, I want to see the most recent! When I select 'most recent' the feed starts jumping back up. Very disappointed- I'm not looking at Facebook as much as I was.
It freezes too much
Better than using the browser. Interface improved 
News. Contacts. New friends. Time pass.
better
Gud
Great!
goo
We need God in America again
I can't download video. Please,fix it. I will be full star
It won't open the chat list so I can't message anyone. Please fix
Easy to assess
Tried to reinstall the all but it gives me an error code: -24....I have a samsung galaxy note 3
Says it's setting up.. then when it opens FB page it auto closes down.  Turned phoned off/on but still cannot get page to stay open!
Good
It is nice
KEEP IT MOVING...
I like this so much.....
Good
Awsome to talk to friends and family when there far away
Works very fine on my Lg Optimus. Would have given 5 stars if there was an option for downloading of videos..
1 Star until we get it back.
i like fb
Great app but need more improovment...& Reliablity
After download it opens but if I close the app it doesn't reopen after that....its either loading forever or it gives a white screen then I get a message saying it has stopped.  I've deleted it from my phone. I won't be installing it again.
After playing any video or opening a profile fb crashhs fix andni will give 5 stars
When facepalm stops trying to force rubbish on the world, we will all be happier.
I can't play videos its shows an error? Why
I like it very much. .....
Please correct your app the latest  update    doesn't open easily I have tried in many phones
Very nice app.
Facebook
ok
Uses too much data and space on phone
I cant download the videos in facebook..so please,next version i want download videos..thanks
J
Well!!!!
It's ok but why is it that I can't delete some of my pictures which I dont want them there anymore.when ever I delete them I will see them in few minutes
It shouldn't even be one star since I cant even open the app and when I do it never loads it says "setting up" then "just a moment" then the screen stays white I tried waiting til I found out I was waiting for half an hour and it keeps messing up the space in my phone like I have 8 gb and it says it uses most of it oh and everytime I exit out the app and try again it keeps force closing FIX IT!!!!!
Bla bla
Facebook, love it
It's the same computer version app.Very very helpful
Zxc
It's baddddddd change or try to restored.
The "to" category loads too slowly. I don't know how many minutes I've been waiting now.
Love it
nice
Stop reputation of the same stuff for me it's more than boring.
After the new update , I click on the and it just starts up and goes back to the homescreen . plz help me I dont know what wrong with it!!!
I luv fb
There should be an option to save pictures from the comment box
:-) I'm OK with it ;-)
Nice and faster loved it
NDIPE POWER
nice to use
NYC app but the problem is why it is compulsory to dwnld messenger if. Smone don't want thennn......
yaar I need more free memory ...admin plz make another facebook mini software for small memory phone... it kill all my memory...I cannot run this...before install it is of 21 mb and after install it become 50 mb+
Nice
It is a Good app, but it needs further implementations. Because whenever I watched any video then there is no option to download this video, even there is no option to copy link address. So please modify it. Thanks.
It was good till now but after the last update when I exit from the app it activates in the background this sucks now I have to force stop whenever iam out ... try to fix this so I could give 5 star .... anything beside that the rest are all good
Facebook
Solo
Data Mine for the NSA!
Faceb9ok
I like it
superb
......
Good

Too many privacy incursions
Excellent:-)
Excellant
Best social networking site in the world
When it works it works, but when it crashes its irritating.
Good
Force closes everytime
Bad
The new update just pops up and says it needs to force close... Fix it... Or I delete it..

I thought the update was great at first. Now every time I click on a link through Facebook it crashes whatever programme is trying to open that link, or just doesn't do it.
Loved it
Love it
Facebook
The bumping back to the most recent on the news feed is very irritating..  o can't figure out where my saved pics are, after.I save them from private messages..  fix all that..  please
I like it
its so nice
Good app

Awesome because of this application I can communicate to my other faster".

Great
Good app fb
GOOD APP FOR ANDROID HANDSETS.
Poor
You guys need to try adding some color to this app it's so boring with the same old color
Mihad
Manama
When I open the app it so slow and just saying wait a moment ? - . -  and then force close ??? This is a bad update !!!
Awesome
Jawed
Its great but kik is better
Wow!!!
Can you just leave it in chronological order please? Stop trying to force a popular timeline view - it has me using Facebook less and less.
I like this
No entiendo porque debe haber una aplicaci¨®n separada para el messenger
Gopalkrishnan
We need to download the videos please add this option
Dont want fb messenger this facebook app is enough for me to message
Pooja
New feed will not load keep having to uninstaill an then reinstalled. I hope yall get this fixed
Just make my lenovo bit slower than ussual.. Fix it and 5 stars for you... BTW, thanks for Mark for visit Indonesia..
It very most important app
Love it
Nice app
Now you can even use this piece of data sucking app, stop freezing egg and fit you app
Very easy to navigate
Great
Good Sempurna
Yeh bahut hi accha software h par eska estemal galat mat kro
It has used all my mobile data and has made my phone slower than ever I can't stand this app don't download it you'll be disappointed in yourself for making that mistake
Good app for me
Good
Goooood
how to view the saved pages? it just showing only the instruction .
Best app
i can't open this app .
Good but not up to the expectations
Goods
It takes ages to open and keeps running when I close the app.
Facebook is much worse after update wats wrong I can't open app always closes especially after I play a game
nice
Suppar chting app
Kaththi
It will be great if you add an option to share something we see by the app, not only to timelines or groups but to someone as a message...
Burger king world , McDonald emotions
This update is horrible on my S5. It keeps showing either no posts to show or something wrong with my network and will not take me to a website page when I click on a link!
Plz fix the crashing issue.  
Why I must install another application for facebook massenger.
Update seems to stop links opening in chrome...
At first I didn't like it. It didn't work a few month ago. But now I think it works just perfect. But there is a problem that I would like you to solve. I can't download videos.
Amaging
awsum
Seriously? Four updates to this app later and it still has the same glitch? Have to log out repeatedly to log out. Very frustrating, but otherwise it works fairly well.
Stable and works well. Exactly what it's suppose to do.
Like the app. It makes staying in contact easy.
The last two updates had as a results too many problems. Low speed and crashing too often..still now
Hju
Improvements for reliability and speed? It's unreliable and laggy! Please improve. You guys are one of the top developers. I expected more from you guy. I'm very disappointed 
When i open the app it runs very slow Somtimes ..
It isn't possible to reply comments as in web page ?? In addition it is unable  to insert emotions in comments and status :(
It is amazing
awsm app
Any time connected wit my old and new friends. ...
Very nice
Nic
.Its fast and love it
Nic.....
Facebook software  Free download
Still slow
With my crush allday
lovely
Good job
Best book
Reliable.Peeople r always coneected.Possibly youth may get addicted and loose lot of useful time in this chat/ connectivity.Parents to track & take steps in time.
As many have said before I with there was a option for downloading videos on Facebook.
At least you can instantly get the notifications,and sharing pics &videos ,I like it!!
Good
hot
Nill app , so slow and x.
It's still nagging for the messenger app, it gets tiring having to reinstall the Facebook app every few weeks after the messaging gets blocked...
Much entertainment
Excellent game
Facebook is very good app for the makung lunk of friends...
Faster fb BT more mb were used and now my fb I'd NVR open
So bad
Every time it updates it takes me anywhere from an hour to a day for it to load and let me in so I can use the app again! So annoying!
Yes it is so beautiful place
Since the last update or so I get a 'Facebook is setting up' screen every time I open the app. Yet I'm getting notifications through, so how much setting up does it need?  News feed is still defaulting to 'Top Stories', which no one likes, so I have to search for Most Recent all the time.
Face book
,,
Someone tell me what to do with it
It is very slow
Loveeeedddd it <3<3
Anil
Hi
i cant even log in it always says log in expired, it logs out by itself, then closes, you re open the app, and youre back to square one
I like this app..
Super
Good
Bleeh
i want Full site desktop apps..
Good
Somnang
Nice to communicate to friends
:-)
The app closes all the time by itself. Really annoyed about this.
semenjak pakai LG G2 Mini...
Fully dull. No online chat
Like
nothing is perfect. so is this apps. but this is a must-have one.
Better than having to sign in on the Web every time...
Best app in india where we can see face!!!!!!
Will not install after the new phone update. Frustrating isn't the word
Facebook is the best
Can't turn off game notifications separately so its either get woke up by candy crush at 2 in the morning or stop all notifications
Facebook wake up plz we need new update for facebook like Iphone it is amazing :/  plz wake up
Before, when I started in Facebook a little less than 3 years ago, in order to get any photo or image I could go to the gallery in my phone which I had cataloged in folders and very easily get the one i needed. As of a few years ago this is no longer posible and i have to scroll down thousands of fotos and images that are stored in my phone without any rime or reason and it frustrating. I hope this is corrected soon.
Love
Why am I getting accepted friend request, when I DID MT SEND ANY.  And I have changed my password a million times....PLEASE FIX
V v good
Darling
Unfortunately, it's impossible to use, every second click of a link causes the app to crash.
Keeps closing and restarting at the top of news  feed. Please fix.
Sssss
I loved it
I mean it gives in option of going up. If I ignore it, it does it automatically. Fix this Bullshit !
Really really really wish the developer would make the most recent feed first. Then let you CHOOSE which one of the feeds you prefer to see! Would be 5 stars but instead only 2.
We should have the option of downloading the videos we watch
keep occurs error after update
Poor
Good
Sggj
Fantastic
Like this lay out way better than going through my browser or INTERNET explorer
Owsm..
Great man of God. Son of soil
I like it
Awesome...
Cannot dowload videos
Good
Since i update my facebook profil got screwed up. Not able to see or write posting or download my pictures. I have been sending request to fb to fix for over 3 weeks and they don't do anything.
It's Ok
Please and please stop switching me to this new stories. I'm reading something and suddenly it switches me to the top of news feed. It's very very very annoying.
Rocking
Very gd app my favrit
Galaxy2 user... what's up with that?
Works very well.
Fb
It is easy to use and lot of fun
I've noticed that it is taking longer to open the app. The news feed makes no sense.  I've also only been able to mobile upload one picture (even when I've selected two from my camera roll). When I look at the post it says I've uploaded two photos but the second picture is nowhere to be found.
Gift
U fixed the bugs now its doin good
Though I like the app I don't get why I need messenger on my phone swell I can still user the regular message area on it when I have messenger,too.
Loved it...
I wish Facebook would STOP sync my phone contacts!
Not user friendly, anyway guys, you can deactivate auto syncing  by going into the facebook measaging app (named messenger), open the settings and tap the auto.sync contact option.
Sometimes its really slow. But it still good.
New update crashes on my s2 simply doesn't work. Obviously not tested properly.
New update , but still no reply button ? Posts no longer make sense , as replys are shown , but just as posts to the topic and not replys to certain posts , so unreadable , useless , pointless , broken , worthless . NEED TO FIND AN ALTERNATIVE !
How could I give more star..This app was im always updating. ..what have a such of this app?
Good
Awsome
:)
This is a cool app
best la fb ni
Super...
Constantly closing on my samsung galaxy tab 3 please fix...seriously over it
Good
Download
Oversized, lack of features nowhere near the web version. The developers should be ashamed of themselves.
It works very smoothly and it does not stuck... I like using this app
Good job
Faith
Getting worst
Sweet Belo
Still needs a few bugs worked out but all in all a decent social app
Be able to fine family and friends
Not worth my storage space. I had it forever and all if a sudden it synced all my contacts. I uninstalled and not downloading it again. Of course not to mention the messanger app
Worst admin
Facebook for androif
Every week updates and still same theme there is no any change
Cool
Nice
Ok lah..
I keep loseing my hay day and facebook i dont have it now. So could  you fix it please.
You would think that an app as popular as Facebook would actually work. And that the people running it would actually know what they are doing.  This new update doesn't work. Its slower than ever. It constantly makes me force close the app. And the whole messenger app is crap as well. I will not be using this app until y'all get it together.
Try to fix it because I always like to browse in Facebook. It occupies more than 100mb in my device but it's not totally worth it. Even though my WiFi network is powerful it just hangs a lot. Sick with it!!!!
Very good
Video downloads are impossible
Raghbendra singh yadav
Its too late too download the images and videos, status
.
Very good apps to share our feelings
Its a very useful social network
Sometimes the app lags but seriously this app is amazing
No words poor app..
Cantik
Good app work fine on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
I liked having everything on one app!!!  I love Facebook,  y make it more difficult? ???
Every time I click on the icon it starts to load then kicks me off
New update
Mmmm
I should not have to download the messenger app to get my messages. This takes up entirely too much space on my phone!! I am deleting the messenger app. Its just too much
Loading slowly and making the phone applications also slow
Impressed me so much
I couldn't get less than one, that is why I rated it one star....
Cannot use at all on my Galaxy 3 tablet. Crashes every time I try to post or comment and sometimes crashes for no reason
Please make this apps that make a good view for tablet user.. bec. The dislay of your app in a tablet is like a blown-up phone. That has a large display.
Zubeer
Fabulous
Awesomeeeee <3 <3
Some times take forever to display the page but I guess it's ok
Don't know whats going on with your designers of your app but the app is so bad ive started using the web  browser on my tablet so as to be able to view my facebook page.. kinda defeats the purpose of an app ill try the update if its not any better I will uninstall

It has problems with playing videos - galaxy note 3
So basically the new update asks for all these extra private permissions so that it can load quicker and more reliably, seems fishy to me

Sucks download but now wont open any more wtf
Description
Wonderful
Nice
Awsmmm app fr FB
Why man. No vids. I have this video   I need to post but O still have to go to my laptop to post it. Please add video sharing.
Fine
Bd application
Good
excellent
Occupies lots of memory. Keeps hanging.  Hate new updates
Locks phone and completely freezes it. Doesn't update most recent. Wish I could go back to last update. Sort it out you bunch of numpties.
Awsm
Please give a option to download videos. This is because there are some very good videos on FB  but how we can save them. Thats a major problem.  Please enable the option for downloading the videos like we have the option for saveing the photos. Add this fearure devs and you definitely deserve a 5 Star
Please provide the download option for video clips
Very nice
The things that I do and see on Facebook
Doesn't work anymore. May have to dump it completely!
U hh
the apps force closes all the time plz fix im usjng the tab3
hi i m having problem by this app in my samsung core gt-i8262 because it shows many times 'facebook not responding' and my phone doesn't work until again when it shows same option.
123123
White female
GUYS CAN YOU PLEASE MAKE A FIX OF IT. SOMEHIW ITS STILL SLOW. MY PHONE IS A GALAXY S4. BUT FACEBOOK IS SO LAG. IT ALWAYS STUTTERS. PLEASE FIX AND THEN I GIVE 5 STARS.
It's abit slow forcing me to use facebook on opera mini the speed should be upgraded . . . . . . .
Good
Loved it
but if you add one more service to download all facebook video
Nice
I use it on all mobile
Driver
Still can't see replies to comments, can't save videos, profile and cover photos must be cropped and can't be uploaded at their original size, doesn't have a built-in photo editor. The UI itself is terrible, sometimes the notifications button doesn't work, the news feed is awful, it's only showing group posts now, while rarely ever showing pages/friends updates, yeah the 100s of pages that I've liked are buried somewhere, only 3-4 of them are showing now. pages' ads and app recommendations are everywhere.
Always exits; the older version works
After recent update it becomes hungry on ram of my phone...148mb for FB app??? Hmmm.... My phone has 2gig ram, but... No thanks, Uninstalling done! :)
all the negative reviews crack me up. If you hate the App so much uninstall it! Seriously the more the world turns to social media  the more whingers appear.
Very nice app
At times it can lag. But its expected. But when I press on msg in this app I don't see why you have to jump onto fb msger.that's annoying
J k chouksey
In the ipad the facebook app is more efficient and the spaces is nicely areange but in android there are many white space on the side and spaces are wasted. Im using samsung note 10.1 2014. Please redesign an improved facebook app for tablet please.
Nice
If u accidentally close the app with the back button, and re open It should comeback to the last post you were in. Or at least make something like "press again to exit"
Well done
Application New Feed "GROUP" Can't delete :(
Hit
Very nice apps
Abosolutely love the UI
I like this app
93297480
Good
App
Pretty good way to browse Facebook, has a lot of trouble opening links though.
hi
H
Every time I try to log out or log on it doesn't let me. I constantly get a msg stating "Session out of time". Can you PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM. Thanks.
Lags a lot and is nearly unworkable.
It is a way to connect with our frnds
Great
Easy to use..........
Best
Ok good
Good app this
Good
when i use facebook on chrome browser can reply on every comment but, i can't replay on comment in app!
Can't do without this!
Not good
Goooood
No matter what I do you somehow feel the need to keep adding in day to two day old posts in my news feed! Just show me the dam most recent posts!! Than I'll consider a better rating
Since update I can't see all pics and videos won't run. Awful.  Galaxy S5.
Very cool
Goodsss
It's OK .......well getting there
Love you
keroo
But now become boring :-( and why can't we download videos
This app now become user friendly with an easy to use user interface. However, some improvement really necessary,  such as language translator. Four star earned, good job!
thanks . mblis na £¡
There are so many problems with this app. But I still use this. ;)
Everything now working fine now.
Can't like, can't comment. This app was bad to begin with. Unusable now
Zia
Arjun ghayal magar
Where the hell is the improvements ? Just like , nothing happens . Youre just wasting my time . I cant open this f***ing app. Youre updating it but it became worse . Wtf .
Need improvements in interface...plzz do some
Not responding always ..why? Please fixed it...
Forced to close suddenly n keep bringing me back to top feeds when I am trying to read some older feeds. Can't see notification.
Smart
The more update..more useless
IVE STOPED AUTO UP DATEING,IT WAS HOGING MY SPACE, HOW DO THEY KEEP UPDATEING ANYWAY???
Fg
Nice app
Hina
Forcing to install messenger
Hav been trying for the past 3 days with the best of internet connections..but no luck.... worst app eva...too many complications i guess
It lets me talk to friends and family.
Exellent
Oil mill
I love u mom &ded
Its cool¡­
Stupid app, crash all the time when viewing comment
Good
Please remove force install messenger on message..I can't see my messages...tnx!
Jos
Great
Its super nice
Stay connecting with friends always
The app is good.would like to see a new one some time soon!
This wasn't working before the latest update. Now it's even worse! Every time I try to look at comments or even scroll down the page it shuts down & throws me out. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP! This is not fun to use anymore.
Getting better all the time..
Kalo tak miliki menyesal lo
Fine app to share thoughts around the world .
Love facebook 
Everytime I open FB, it always closes. I cant download videos.
Socializing
Great job
Very very slow!
This app is very slow. .
Imran
Nice 1....:)
It auto updated today and now I have every single friend in my phones contact list which I do not like at all!!! I don't know how to undo the update.
This new update is Horrible. Just horrible. Still really hard to believe you're not making MOST RECENT posts not the default news feed. Blows my mind
No messages support but in app browser added?! Facebook, wtf, you are going in the wrong way. It's much easier to use Fb in Chrome rather than Chrome in Fb. I only use this app for contacts syncing now.
Nice
I am expressed
Big and clumsy and grows bigger with each update. And stop forcing messenger on us. And option for image off needed.
I HATE MESSENGER! Shouldn't have to download a separate app to access messages, and when I'm in a group I have to hit the back button in order to go back to my messages, I DON'T LIKE THE UPDATES, update and fix some of the issues plz instead of making it worse!
Fun
It very speed and fast and good to use
It's better than before, but still not perfect.
Ninrder singh
Ci siamo avvicinando ad una buona app con la chat, ma i messaggi sono ancora un casino..non mi vede pi¨² di una decina su messaggi di una conversazione
Minutes before the update I used my nearby friends and after it didn't work anymore. Please fix!
Network error,Network error,
Love it
Good
Takes ages to load. Always tells to get messenger. Shuts down half way through writing a post
Bad version for any mobiles
Can't download the videos
Good app. I like it.
The auto refresh and jump to top of feed, when I'm busy viewing an article waaaaaaay down the feed... STOP that. And the forcing of all of us to use some idiotic annoying application for the messages. Really now? Really? I get that Facebook is free, but you don't have to be d*cks about it.
very easy to conect my frndsss
I lost my face book
DFUQ when i was installing this f**cking error always come ALWAYS F**CK YOU FB ):(
Facing much problem in opening software¡­ it opens rarely, most of the time it is not responding... i hve done reinstallation too but useless...
So we can down load video
I Like It
Excellent
First there was the mandatory moving of messages on a separate app. Now you force sync fb contacts with mine. No no no Mr. FACEBOOK for Android, I can live without you until you become friendly again.  Byeeeee
Use it all the time
Hate this
cooooool
Thanks
Dis app is sometimes blocked without any informations. I don't understand why it is so.

not download videos. hope next update avail this function...
I love facebook.......
A lot of minor and major prblmz.
True
awsome app i love it
The latest update broke the whole dang thing. One minute of watching the splash screen and then it just quits itself. Back to the browser version for me.
Loved it
great app but after last update your like pages still disappear after a refresh I've reported this but no reply as yet still not as good as the iPhone version
Dear Google play,  Here must be an option through which we can download videos from Facebook, currently we need to use external apps to download videos from Facebook. Kindly do the needful and allow us to download videos from Facebook.  Regards,  JAN
It takes ages to load. Photos aren't showing up too. ~ Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 (SM-T210)
Realy goooood tQ
Me saca a cada click
Lol
Its cul
Can't even log in please fix says system login check internet connection nothing wrong with my internet
Clunky, bloated and ugly
Pls fix it
Very very nice
Facebook
Thumbs up
Why do we need two apps to chat?! This sucks!!!
Very easy
This app needs to take up less space. The messenger app only works half the time.
Why would I want a seperate app to message people. That's annoying switch back and forth
Nice to be online on dis app !!
oh yeah

Or add option for hidden
Super
Love this app so much but take alot of time to download
Zuckerberg, why are you so puffing rich?
why do i need to download another app just to message my friends ? its hella annoying ! to much work!! .!.
An old version BT nice

Well it's a pretty good app......anyway i love it.....
i don't know why...
So many possibilities!! How can anyone not rate this 5 stars!! Thanks
Being using it for years now. So much easier than actually logging into the site.
Super
Rubbish and crashes
Ever since I have started using Facebook on my new phone galaxy S4 it is awesome and I love facebooking it's a great experience.
Only missing some easy access from the web
Government spying that's all Facebook is. The government paid a guy to invent it to make easy to find people.
cannot remove TAG yet
Friend's almost back to day one! Classmates-neighbors, are almost all together again & i hope the few, not found, will join us too & i thank you, I'm re-connected! Please allow ur app, to got to the SD card, saving  ph. resources*
It is awesome but for 12 and older
Apparently it's a incompatible update with my phone.. I'm running kitkat. I had the app when my phone was running jellybean, but when I updated my phone to kitkat it took my Facebook app away and when I download it, tells me incompatible update
Ichel92
Problem
Force us to install idiot app fb messenger and also always crash. Privacy has been disabled.  Unable to cahnge privacy settings.  Pls fixed it
After recent update this app has become lot faster..... Pics gets opened in friction of second..
Crash problem still exist
So Fb will be perfect and bug fix
Awesome
I don't want my Facebook contacts to sync with my phone contacts. After the last update I have to turn that feature off every time I sign on to Facebook. I'm thinking of deleting the app.
I like it....but it's not like the web version.....privacy options are very limited....can't delete accounts directly from the app....any one can poke me (which makes me angry)
I hardly ever comment on apps cause I think it doesn't make a difference since the programmers are not working on the suggestions given. It's dumb to have a separate app for messages, it uses more space. And it's extremely annoying that the feed refreshes itself. I have to keep scrolling to where I was reading. Sometimes I don't even find what I was reading!! It's frustrating and infuriating. I FINALLY GIVE up and log out!! You used to have a 4.5-5 rating.. You're at a 4 (for now). Isn't that a sign???
This app cannot play videos on smartphones....it closes the window if played!
Since a week now Facebook do not sent notification alert  no sound anymore just the indicator appear thats all its suck
What's with the 25 mb update every time?
After all this time I haven't installed this app because Facebook still doesn't let us view videos that we've uploaded and that are in the video album. it only let's us view photos. CMON FACEBOOK! SO MANY UPDATES AND IMPROVEMENTS BUT YOU CAN'T JUST ADD THIS FEATURE TO VIEW OUR VIDEOS??? 
It is getting fucked day by day after last 4 updates. Each time it takes hours to start and has simply become shot. Please rewind last 4 updayes
Good
We can easily communicate each other by facebook...best app ever
Sucks
Ninrder singh
Relaxing time!! 
Wat a fak..
Good
Why do we have to download the messenger app just to see who sent you a messages.
Why I have to crop my profile pic. into square before using it 
It connects Strangers but separates the buddies , so many people miss the old hang out....... Social network.. ;-)
Find it OK but keeps not responding so annoying at times. Good for keeping in touch with friends, family
How to download a  pic that u hav uploaded already in an album..?? :o
Really really Amazing
Facebook is very cool
Plz fix this, or let the user choos the upload quality.. this sux.
Can only keep app open for a couple minutes before it closes up. No warning or anything. What's going on? App works fine on my phone but not Samsung tablet.
Please remove the mandatory installation of messenger.
Videos not downloading
Like
Slow
Its good
fuh
I realy love it its easy n faster
LG G2 - Why am I not getting the most recent posts in my news feeds?  Why does my news feed refresh when I'm in the middle of reading other posts? Why do I have to have all my profile friends in my contacts when I don't want to do that? And a separate app for messages, why?  Am I not capable to refresh and sync like a big girl on my own? Seriously!
Good
It's awesome but.. Make a video downloader for it, i mean when i open the video i press on download video.
While facebook is "setting up" after new version is installed, are you stealing sms and contacts because it takes so long...?
Nyc
News feed not work....
Nice woking
Its All right. In Next update we should have something  different for texting friends on FB. I'm not too buggy about it but it takes a lot of phone storage space to install a completely new app specifically for messaging fb people (if they have it). Its unnecessary and personally wasteful use of bytes.
Love it
I hate it but I don't have a choice, sorry. I have to uninstall updates and install it back again for me to be able chat my friends even without the separate app which is the messenger.
Dis sucks it make me download the messgeser
cant download video clip
Easy to use. The latest updates have not helped. Lags on the Nexus 5. Older versions were faster!
Good
Its cool
THANK'S
Good
Why doesn't the app close properly?  Now you have to close via app manager
Very slow open, I don't want to sync any think.. .no need messenger app to much to one use, drain battery, fix it back to one app
Very useful
Facebook
WTH!!! Can't get notifications, poor loading come on stop with all the ¡±fix bugs¡± and fix this darn app!!!!!!
Superb
nk buka fb yng bru
Make video download possible. Put privacy settings for those who does not want to share their video.
Bharatsinh
Love
Facebook is the best
Ab or kya likhe....
Low outlive it
Ajaykreshan
Very slow sing in and sing out    is very difficult .
with every upgrade it is getting worse.  Getting very close to deleting this app, keeps kicking me out and freezing
I love it
Its ok
The way you work your evil is smart and very smoothly played out. Facebook could charge anything it wanted as a fee but insted you charge our privacy. I wounder just how many dreadfuy things you people have seen just going over you 1 billion downloaders pictures and private videos. All to talk to people we could just call. You.smart mothafucka.
Realy heart touching
It feels like it takes forever. And today's facebook is like a package deal, you could not enjoy it's benefits if you will not download it's other parts
Good
When I open any page...it crashes....The news feed is OK....The error is only opening pages on my nvidia quad core  tegra 3 processor..
Better than ever. Don't know why people are complaining.
Awesome apps
Very useless FB app on android ios version is very smooth and responsive hope u will make this app like ios version
I have insufficient space for Fuckbook application
Facebook
Love ly and timepass
Awesome
While using this app with 2g or 3g i wasn't gettng good response so i installed wifi connection in my residence with 2mbps speed which i think is good enough for browsing this app and to play online videos but after the last update i am unable to browse news feeds i cnt see uploaded pictures or videos its getting crash for no reason, developer  please check this app again
Useful.it can be used mainly for chatting with my friends
Facebook is a daily used app.
Thambi
Nitiido
Very slow to open and navigate.. worst ever!!"
Don't update, new version sucks, can't update anything!!!
VG
Love you
Can we have an option to ask questions in your statuses in groups
My trusted source of information. The world in my hands
Cant play videos in facebook app in my canvas 4
best of evry year
K
Please add stickers comment option in pages.
This Facebook app now force you to download another messager app which was originally integrated with this app or else you can't reply to your friend... technology going backward.
Nice
Is been several times I updated and there's no chance at all, what's the case to update?
I was about to click download and before I did decided to read reviews. And wow am I glad I didn't! This sounds like a very crappy app. Great job I guess facebook lmao
Facebook
Crashes in the middle, specially when searching
Love the face book app it makes it so easy for me get messages and stay in touch
Really bad  app....fuck u...creates junk very fast..
A few things video feeds we don't need to see a preview let us choose them if we want to the inbox has gone as now we need to use the unnecessary messenger app which takes up memory and invades privacy so what I'm single if I wanna date I'll do it the old fashioned way and quit advertising constantly! Facebook has gone from good to ridiculous might as well rename it facef#*kup!
Love it
The update on 18th October 2014 shows marked improvements in responsiveness and stability. Kudos to the Facebook developers.
Keep showing session expired and yet does not allow me to log out
Its pretty good
Finei
Awesome
I need download
asus zenfone 6 cannot call plz fix it as soon as posibile
F. B
Gb
Easy to use
Becoz it is very useful to describe itself feelings
Like Facebook, hate the app! All the required downloads, moving back to top of feed over and over, and the feed makes no time sense at all. Worst!!
stmated
Why i cant download this app???
Keeps force closing on samsung tab 3
Why i cant open my facebook acct.
Facebook
Ka inis
Bad
I cant download videos
Love it
Love it. It's a great  way to keep in contact with friends and family no matter where they are.
FACEBOOK is asking for too many PERMISSIONS!! Why can't Facebook create an app without mining all the data on my phone???  A billion website visits per day isn't enough data for them?  Have a great day.  See you via my web browser!  Which, by the way, has better options and capabilities then the Facebook native app itself.  Go figure?  LG G2
hd
Ready 4 chat...
its a lot better
super slow
Normal
Samsung galaxy s4
Crash hell. Absolutely useless. The current version is crap. Whowever supplies this should burry their head in shame
Ever since an upgrade a few weeks ago this app constantly closes when trying to view anything on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. No amount of upgrades since has fixed the problem. Not sure if it is an Android problem or Samsung problem because I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 phone and the app works fine on this.
Super app
Pweedy cwl, I guess
Facebook
Laalallaala !
Version
Every good
Every time I open this app it automatically closes.
Goooood
This aapana bas ka rog kone to phacu mat durjar ek naak pe dukki padi
Horrible app that never works. Frustrating!
Love it but hate that have to download messenger
suresh raina
So Good
Boss
Its good for recieving norifications and
L
Great
I like fb
I loved it
My mobile hardware is what I buy. First separating the chat on another application and now keep this app. running background even after closing it and consuming my RAM and battery slowing all mobile phone is not acceptable. If this continues I'm going to uninstall and use web browser. It's clearly that you are developing in wrong direction. I hope someone can consider that. Thanks. Regards.
Love it
This update Sucks
Lot of drumme  and start shut and  never quit ..always pick on  poeple are hanpicap
New update equals white screen flashes...
lol
Goodkl
I have 2 say the new update does improve alot of things like the speed on FB has definitely improved on my htc one M7 seriously FB you have 2 change alot of things 2 make FB better like for instance why are you forcing us 2 sync our contacts & why are you forcing us 2 download FB Messenger it makes no sense I can text people under Facebook app why do you need us 2 download an extra app just 2 message people privately it makes no sense FB is wasting valuable space on our smartphones & tablets please fix this
Good
This auto-play video keeps freezing my phone. I want to choose what I watch. Tired of seeing last weeks posts on my newsfeed...never see updated status unless I see it in notifications. Fix these 2 & I will give more stars
A company worth billions can't even afford to hire some decent developers. There are 3rd party apps created by single people that are better than this. Facebook should be ashamed of themselves
Facebook
I  love it
I have a problem wit my password, every time,I log out an log back n,I have to reset my password, I have reset it 10 times,don't get that!!!!
Like it.
its not working !!!!
This app fuckin sucks!!!!! I can download it but it won't load!!!!
Good
You got one star back in 2012.  I'd give you zero now if I could. Keeps refreshing automatically while I'm trying to read posts, completely disappears and can't be found again.  Sloppy transition to web based pages, crashes the browser constantly.  Need to allow most recent instead of most popular- used to be able to pick one, now we can't.  Facebook is quickly becoming so intrusive, non user-friendly, and generally unstable I'm considering dropping FB for something better.
Awsm
Its getting better and better with every update... good job guys... keep it up
always NO CONNECTION.
Thom beardz I'm sorry I wish these people would just shut up for 10 minutes so I can talk to you no offense to them
Really good app
Also keeps crashing every few seconds, tab 3 10.1, 4.4.2
Hello Mr. Mark Zukerberg...!! I m really impressed with ur Facebook leadership and I would like to install all updates u make on FB...// I m extremely glad about this app as we do not have to enter our passwords again n again...//!! Really Mr. Mark...Hats Off U. I would definitely like to meet u one day... :) :)
Stuck and stuck all the time .
Per usual Facebook update methodology... Users are bombarded with a new user interface that is both confusing and terribly buggy. And forced to download a second app to chat. Not going to bother with FB on mobile anymore.
Nepal1
AA
Nice ayitundoota
Ever since I updated it's been crazy slow.. I can't load my news feed and when I try to comment or upload a status it DOESN'T work!!! Don't update.... if you all can fix this issue it would be much appreciated. I have an lg g2 and this update really does stink... please fix it and I will redo my rating until then if I could give it zero stars I would!
My cell automatically update it and it's not working anymore hope you fix it or my deleting it by tomorrow!
Nice
Niceapp
Sucks. No one put thought into anything. Horriblely bad
Nice
App works well but sticking to one start review due to way excessive permissions requested by the app.
Good
Can't get it to where you put your password in it
Good one.
I tried the messenger app... didn't like it.. uninstalled it.. now FB refuses to operate on my tablet.. forces closed as soon as it opens.. beyond annoying.
Very nice
Why separate apps for everything like messages.
Let me decide what I see...get rid of top stories and it would be great.
I want option to choice betwen watch video or download it
A gud communication app
Wee
Like a facebook
I cant liv widout fb !!!here i met wid my old frn n also make some gud frn whose presence is  really Adorable!!!
1. If I ooen a video through fb it wont work  2.most recents are always messy not organised 3.no alerts till I open
I cant make a free call the icon is not there..why?
I can't download  this app because it show me that in my phone there is no sufficient space
really stupid that I have to download another app just to message!!!!!! And it basically needs to access all my info on my phone? ???? Oh hell no I will never download this messenger app. Worst Idea ever done by you idiots. Wish I could vote no stars because one star is too much credit.
It would keep on logging me off, and sending me home, fix plz
But instead, you allow the message notification to nudge us towards needing the messenger app. Pathetic!
It is an identity
Fb rocks...
nice one
Trying to log in and saying just a moment. For half an hour. How am suposed to log in. Wish there a zero. Oh and facebook still again week later just waiting. Waiting for fucking ever. Sort it out!!
Loved. It
Crashes when scrolling, commenting, sharing. Pretty much useless. Please fix and ill fix my rating.
It is way to slow and it doesn't work with you so don't F***ing download it
There must be a Copy Option for the Text Posts... If FB App will have the copy option, I will give it 5 Stars
Won't download on my Sony expedia e......... y????
Why can't you delete a comment you put on someone's status?
Ever since facebook had a tie up with my network to provide free facebookk for all subscribers, pictures won't load. Pages take too long to load.
Above imagination
Fantastic
Facebook
That is what it provides me. Thanks!
facebook
The Android Facebook, would you stop bounce back to the beginning of the news feed everytime when I'm half way reading. This is really so annoying. I can do it myself if I want. Everytime you bounce back to the beginning of the newsfeed, it took me such a long long time to find what I was half way reading. This is too annoying and frustrating. I had been using iphone for years, until now it's ios8 and I never had this kind of problem with ios Facebook app. They stay where you are, they don't keep bouncing.
Amazing app
great! more fast and cool than before
it ie good apps. but why this apps daily update ??  and need to some extra n change thems.
Deleted it before because it is taking too much space off my phone might as well delete again real soon
Why facebook always syn my contacts
Super
Hai
Poop
Nice, but why do i need to download messenger?
Its a great app
This  separate  Messenger just "sucks". Whe it couldn't be with base app?! Is it really  necessary to install another app fot messaging? ?????
I'm about through with Facebook controlling everything. I don't like having to waste more space installing Messenger on my phone when it was perfectly fine as part of the main app. This app has faceplanted backwards and is going the exact opposite of advancement. And the inability to switch between Most Recent and Most Popular? Come on Facebook, that's such simple integration a CHILD could figure it out. Get with the program, make this app useful again.
Why cant we have the option of downloading the video? I have to open a separate browser so that I can download video in the newsfeed , dont the developer imagine the trouble viewin an undownloadable video in a slow connection?
Sometimes i cant view photos they only come in as gray empty boxes.
I have had to change my password and crap now 3 times due to the application changing. It messes up everything and can't loud both messenger and Facebook without a mess up.
Loved it
Like it
Nice
But you need to                        1-add the reply to comment in every post.                                2-you really should add a download button to download videos 3-the app take so much CPU usage pls fix it then I will give you five stars
Oh my Facebook! Thank you so much for the wonderful thing Ive been waiting for to post our video on Facebook! Thank you so much it really played and more people really appreciate our video by posting it for real! Bec that was the time that I was blocked by posting some an abuse videos like what you said. Thank you for posting it! really!
Facebook seems to have shunned Samsung galaxy tab users. No one who has one can use the app anymore.  Forces crashs....and no solution offered users. Update does nothing...
Looks like the recent update causes picture and images not to load on my feeds.
It would be good if the notification for somebodies birthday went to that person timeline
Loveable
The "to" category loads too slowly. I don't know how many minutes I've been waiting now.
Great app
Xd
FACEBOOK
Sohil patel
Nice app but no force should they make on us to download  messenger
:)
Read permissions.
Feels like I am going in circles
Too much lagging
since i update the app i cant even see my notification and i cant post anything
Thulasidas
Easy and fast way
I'm tired of being force to see most popular, and having to take an extra step to see most recent. Before you could select most recent, or most popular and it would stay there. Now we have little choice. I see three day old posts. People like my stuff a week later. I also despise having to have two apps for fb. I don't have fb notify me when I get msgs. I just like the convenience of uploading photos.
I have an issue after the new Facebook update. when I view pictures in album in full screen mode, I get out from viewing and get back to the first photo I clicked on to enter full screen. I hate that and it happened to me always even after that I erased the cache and data. please fix it. Thanks
Worked great until recently. But force closes in my Huawei honor 6 in last version. Please fix.
Excellent
Forces to install FB messaging app In order to view my messages... WACK!!!
Takes to long to load/refresh over wifi why?..the last 2 or 3 updates it's automatically getting into my contacts why? I'm not giving permission for this..this just makes me wanna deactivate my account...maybe I'll join GOOGLE+ instead oh wait I did goodbye Facebook
If you are a UI designer you should know the devil is in the details. For starters I have to ask why there is no edit, delete, nor privacy option on post feature on response messages to status posts -and if it is there where in intuitive design did it get hidden. Then I have to ask why the top most advertisement roll also scrolls the following ones and the friend suggestions. Then I ask why stickers are an instant auto-post so if you accidentally hit one a user can't even delete it unless they go through a mobile browser. If the web experience on PC gives me a better experience than the mobile app I have to say that it is just sad design. Not to mention the obtrusive jump back to the top of the news feed when reopening the app from having minimized it out to background. Could be a much better user experience.
If I could  give it no stars I would.  Bloody waste of my time,  crashes constantly  and get get  anything done on the app,  screen goes black
It seems to freeze my phone. Every time it updates for some reason... Please fix.
fuckin bullshit
Hi fan I use Facebook
Raju pal
Some things don't work like it transferring pictures from instagram. And when people post to my wall, those don't show up either. I always have to report problems.
Best
Gr8 work
Turn off notification is not serving it's purpose on Android. .
Gotten a lot better. Just wished I didn't have to download another app to use the messenger.
Reliable and multidisciplinary
Wow, it's great application and i know it
Who's the guy with the cap, glasses and goatee? The born looser?
I like this app, but I long for a better control on privacy of my posts! On the Web version, we can hide posts from specific people, but it is unavailable on this app... Besides, I like a function that exist on the previous version, which is I can simply drag & release the images to reorder them in a post, would appreciate if it is back!
Great
My soon to be wife...
Great app
Very interesting
Facebook
Excellent app
Memuaskan
I like it
Awsome
It won't let me log out and I hate the messenger app. We shouldn't half to download it ,,,,taking up more space it's annoying
I don't know why I'm getting updates twice a week nothing has changed. this app is full of bugs.it lags every time when I open the app.
Good
Why does Facebook app update so much?
Nice
Y
Nice App
slow updates....too bad that i cant reply in every msgs but can read it...my battery quickly shutdown f i open this apps even for a while...i prefer the old version of facebook w/out the messenger...its totally different....
Nothing to say
Good app ,but please fix the video download option please
I like this app
GOOD
805577270
Keeps bumping me out.
It keep shutting down or sticks an it also be automatic refresh my news feed 

The new update will crash while logging out..... I need the previous version
First I can't share anything then it crashes are I update on my tablet.
why cnt we send and see msg without facebook mesenger
Less drain please
Good
Suck eggs
Was able to see my friends nearby but now no Matter how many ppl I invite it tells me to invite more I can't see who's near
I can not live without it. Love bookers..
Face book tumps up
its ok but its hard getting in
i hate facebook now better move to instagram
This fb app is so stupid that you have to download it so much that I have 5 mb left
I'm getting tired of having to go through google play to open fb app on my phone, I'm also tired of the app constantly updating when it doesn't need to fix this please, also fix it back to where I could message through the fb app, I will not download another app just to send messages, which is really ridiculous
I don't care what you think is most popular and what you think I will be interested in. You are wrong. I want to see everything posted in order. All of the time. That used to be an option. What the hell happened to it?
likeee
.....
Sucks
Whenever i open my messages it shows get Messenger with two options on the bottom Learn more and Get App and my messages don't open fix it i'll rate five stars
Ehh...
Havy application
Really awasome
Keeps crashing my Samsung 3 tablet
give a nice way of communication inter humans
Very hot & sexy. I loved it too much. Overall nice app.
awesome
Please send me login approval code.
happy
It
very good
It is good
Too much wrong to type. Pretty much everything about is a messed up. ESPECIALLY my news feed! I want MOST RECENT first NOT top stories. What the hell is the point of having another app just for messages? When it was working perfectly fine where they were before having to download the extra app! Do you at Facebook not ever read what people are saying to you? You'd think you would want to make the people who are using it ALL the time happy. And actually listen to their suggestions.
It is much mor slower in ART than dalvik!
My latest update can't log into my Facebook page FIX IT PLEASE
Face book
I don't have as many issues getting connected as I used too. A little faster than before.
After updating fb, it still takes time when I log on, and when I'm looking at the news feed it decides to go back from the begging. I don't like that
Been with fb from the time it opened and still going strong :)
<3
There should be a setting for manual sync...should seen the most recent..it pos up new stories but when clicking it it'll give u a stories which has been posted yesterday,6 hrs ago etc......oh is that what  new stories for... if you'll fix that problem ill give 5 stars...

I think its kool in,one way because think bout although we people today are looking,for realationships or,friendships we could locate each other back in 1940s-1960s did we have electronics besides tv? No so be greatful of what u,have.
I think this app should have more emojis cause I like using them and I think other people would like to also....
Constantly force closes every time I try to check for notifications or try to accept a friend request on my Samsung galaxy tab 3. Please fix it!
Excellent
It's nt wrking on my samsung y dous... It shows jast a movmnt thats it nathing is happning
Deber¨ªas poder guardar las fotos que publica otra gente
Great app
Unsync my contacts. If I wanted all of my facebook friends numbers I would have them or would have synced on my own like the option used to be.
Love it...never without it
Better speed I like. Loading was rough there for a while
It is blue in colour
Even after the latest update, this app still doesn't work on my LG Lucid - tries to load, then shows "lost connection" error.  Doesn't work no matter how many times I try resetting it, unless I completely restart my phone.  Please fix - it's absolutely useless & REALLY frustrating.
Very nice app and its very fast
Easy to use to all
Sometime hang over fb, not fix pixess bug  pls improve this problem solutions
It crashes a lot .. many times per day . more than 6 or 7 times daily .. the app freezes .. and stops working ...and I have to press anywhere on the screen keys just to get out of the app.. later on by 3 or 4 min a message appears telling me that fb has to be closed .. then I start browsing from the beginning .. I use Samsung note 2
I love this app. But I just almost got hacked. No one should be able to do that. Pleassseeee fix that....
It has become worst day by day !
Whenever I turn on my internet data/WiFi it keeps telling me to update new updates for Facebook. It's frustrating to keep updating Facebook every now and then. Please, get your bug/issues fixed at one instance and inform consumers to update only once in a month not everyday or week.
I hate it.. it always saying force close... And its alwag lag on my phone.
The new updates Suck!!!
Always yesterdays news. Even when I set it to most recent it's hours old. Sick of getting bumped up to beginning all the time.  Awful app for Android now. Was much better 3 years ago. Just goes down in quality with each update.  Hardly use it anymore it's so annoying.  Stop running and recommending videos automatically.  Eats data up!!!! :(
Crashes heaps bumps to the top
When looking through my newsfeed it suddenly decides to wickly go up or down fast. There is another problem, every time i go into the FB App to check it, it always takes me to the notifications. Rather then the newsfeed. Also i havent checked but when i want to look at a picture comments comes up. Thats very annoying, i want to look at the picture not comments.
Yes I like
It updated finally. You guys giving it a star because of the top story feature, did you read the what's New information?? Just like the old app you can toggle between top story and most recent. Quit the ignorance.
Won't stay open for more than thirty seconds. Constantly closes on it's own. Won't let me do anything barely. Very unsatisfied.  Please fix
Minutes before the update I used my nearby friends and after it didn't work anymore. Please fix!
Sucks after the most recent update
Only been checking Facebook once week now instead of everyday. With the lack of care that we want to see our friends post and you people don't care.  Even after its like always the number one compliant. Not sure why you made another app for email umm I'm not doing that either. Its just going to be a once week thing for me. I will update add my pics for the week and move along. Maybe if you would stop trying to fix everything that was not broken more people would actually still use this.
Aysha
Tried rebooting and clearing data with no success.
Awsome!!!!!
Forcing all users to download messenger. Exploit ur private stuff thats on ur phone. Not cool fb people. Samsung note 2
Really starting to dislike having to go to the menu to get most recent. If I want to see something from a week ago I'll go to that persons time line.
Thanks for the sweet things
Thank you so much for syncing my contacts daily. I have 500+ Facebook friends and if I wanted their numbers and email addresses, I'd have them. Fortunately, I don't want them. Although it's easy to remove the contacts, I shouldn't have to do it daily. Get it together, Facebook!
now you get 2 stars for letting me check my messages without being forced to download Facebook Messenger! good job
ok
Don't like it at all ur updates suck an this app sucks i think its rime to uninstall an use my web browsers
Have to download another app just to message people
Good
Nice stuff
Great app! Labet! Love It! Lab et!
it doesn't respond when opened.... old version was a lot better....
Very Good
Loved
Works well. Enjoy staying connected with family and friends across the world!
always forclose,wait,report pls fixed it.Thanks.
Crashs on samsung tab 3 please fix this
The pictures, when they are uploaded on facebook, they become pixelated. Unlike before. Please fix it.
Good. ..
Es lo maximo Tender Amiga    s es nebo v e r y by
Impressive
On Samsung Tab 3 (10.1), this app crashes in less than 30 seconds, even without following any links. Might be related to EVERY time a status or link updates.
In my opinion sending a message to someone should be inside the application and they should not make you install another application to do that. Those two things make Facebook look bad.
But sometime it stop working
You know what they're doing. Look at the other comments. Asking for to much just to see an update on someone life.
Love it
It is slow and slowed my HUAWEI Ascend too!!!T_T
Love ti injoy
Nag a out mag isa kainis
Needs fixing, keeps automatically closing when trying to , look at someones profile or even trying to update your own status
usable workable
Since I updated, I can't connect to my other apps that use Facebook. Can't update my newsfeed, same updates from Thursday. Very frustrating
Awesome
Not download my mob.
Too slow
Updated cause of constant popups an now its even worse.guess the extra lag comes from CIA downloading my info b4 I even see it.                                           Why did my app just update without asking? While given you guys access to all my info including taken and or recording video. Along with every other private option. I did not OK this. I hope there's a class action lawsuit on you guys. I'll be searching to find one constantly. You've also been flagged
Its a very good app
facebook
The speed could be a little faster
Nyc
Nice....
The app works good now
Pweedy cwl
Fix now!
Since last major update this useless app will not load feeds or photos from device. I wonder if Ello will be better.
I love it
I don't want other people's comments to show up on my notifications even if I commented on the same post it's so annoying specially when I don't have them.as a friend
....to my phone, contacts, texts, cameras, microphone, etc. :-\
Problem fixed
Massanger is wack why force us to download this app. I have several of my freinds that already deactivated their Facebook cause you all want us to download that wacky Massanger don't even work right!!
Epic
Bingo
The app is very slow to start, but once in, it's good.
It's okay when I get it
Sing having to update the new app it will not stay open. The page won't load all the way and it closes... i uninstalled it and re instaled it , same results.
They make you wait for so longg
Best app ever I am addicted
Very useful
Few bugs but works as expected.
Facebook please ensure your new updates work on all devices b4 releasing them!!! Recent update automatically updated on tablet and it is CRAP CRAP CRAP
Waste
Good, everything works well
Constantly getting the not responding notification. Keeps shutting down. Junk!
Too many ads, too many unwanted articles on so called "likes", separate app for messaging, not enough options for sending direct feedback on annoying features, alot of people seem to be moving away from it because of it lacking interesting content or relevant news.
The first one
Love it
Its ok but when I install it it says "could not error" please fix it
This app is never seems to work properly I'm not getting any push notifications when I am logged out even when all the settings are correct, no point reporting a problem because they don't do anything anyway
app! Crazy permissions! Any more  and I'm out! They will also delete your post with no explanation or warning. Facebook's driving its own agenda
Its ok
Update after update and it continues to hang a lot and closes although it works fine on a browser. Besides it keeps jumping to diff. Posts when there r new feeds so u lose what u were reading!!!
Forever
Why push the messenger App??
Good
Why forcing message on the different app??
Slow slow slow
Awesome
I am old school, but since Jan. 14 I'm hooked on Facebook.
App works well enough on Android platform. My life is not run according to Facebook or any other social media app, but it is useful, but not as useful as a file exchange app.
Its ok in the fact thats easy for us to get into facebook and all but, this app causes cpu to raise temperature on phones and tablets. Meaning that fb app reopens it self without relaunching the app or being logged in. It also causes lack on devices. Ive tested alot of apps that has this similar  problem. People dont notice this because they dont really know whats going on. Please fix this issue
Works well for me on Samsung Galaxy S3 but it is a big app and it would be nice to store it on my sd card. Any chance of that happening?
Stop playing with the settings. Used to close down easily,  now it keeps running and needs to be shut down via app manager. Bloody annoying.  If it ain't broke don't fix it.                              And you've done it again. ... it wasn't broke, so you went and fixed it, first it crashed without warning and could only be shut down via app manager.... an update & stopped crashing BUT still have to shut it down via app manager.             Bloody annoying.  If it ain't fukd, don't fix it!!
I hate thiss ....
Clear
App updated today and I can no longer access. I try to open the app and it closes out.  Someone needs to develop a new social media site that works,  doesn't suck up space and has the user in mind. FB stopped thinking of the user a long time ago.  It's all about $$$ now!
Gone backwards. Viewing 'Most recent' newsfeed should not be a hassle. Let us choose the default order. And not as screen overlayed on the order you want us to use. And now I can't see the notifications tab from the 'Most recent' screen.
WTF  ! Crashed 8 times while using for 15 minutes... So annoying ..worthless
After the last 3 updates for "reliability and speed" the app is taking ages to open and when it eventually does nothing loads. I've tried uninstalling it, restating my phone multiple times, I've cleared the cache but it just won't load
poor
Why do we have to use Facebook messenger its a waste of space. Like seriously.
Everytime I try to open or delete the app makes my phone restart
I love this app.
Just sits spinning on "setting up Facebook".
Last update killed it says setting up Facebook that's it. Why is this app so big?! Utter crap
WTH! 2014, still can't play HD Video. T.T
This is the best app ever works well on Android.
This app is join to each other
Review by RamBahadur Gautam
Always facebook not responding !!

This app re quires you to get another app just to message and it's so slow that before it is done loading I could literally cook myself dinner eat come back and still have to wait 5 mins
Widget it 4 days behind, never gives notifications.
I might be able to favorably review this site/app, if I'm ever able to successfully use it again. I recently upgraded my device, and not all apps transferred. Trying to get back into FB? My phone # is apparently incorrect, it's been the same thru 4 phones, and I need to enter a code I was sent, to this phone. No, I was not. Not possible to say I'm happy,  'cause of all the contact and communication with family and friends I've been unable to maintain. Kudos! (catch the sarcastic tone?)
Good
Goov Hcjv
I can't log into Facebook. The one time it let me, it wouldn't post my status with pictures or let me tag my husband in a status. Getting notifications from updates but when it brings up the actual app, it's just a blank loading screen & eventually times out.
Force contacts. Uses a lot of ram. Constantly using data. Forcing to download another application to use this application.(messenger) If I could give -5 stars I would. This is getting ridiculous Facebook. It was fine before all the micro-managing. Its starting to feel like I should be done with the site all together, but like the rest of the world I'm slightly addicted to the accessibility to being able to connect with so many so easily. If it isn't broke, don't fix it!
Facebook
Its very usefull & very issy
Horrible completely horrible. Go into your setting of the Facebook messenger app and see what it does without you knowing. Bet no one will want to use this crappy app again until they fix it.
Good bt not as before
Nice
MY APP KEEPS FORCE CLOSING FIX THIS BUG NOQ
Wtf...make thing for this poor app
Since this new update my photos and videos don't load but my notifications messages and other posts load up perfectly fine...
I good one
Let me play my games with my Facebook Friends Thank you Stop messing up my games every time I do an upgrade.
Yoloooo
Videos are of poor quality always stopping and starting. And having messaging on a different app is a bad idea
Can't open videos, please fix it.
It's fb dudes!
Strickdaddy
Crash hell. Absolutely useless
Why is it that my time line will reset, update and force me to start from the top WHILE I'M VIEWING OLDER POSTS?
Good
Needs to be fixed it keeps  crashing it is so annoying!!!!!!
Since the last update aplication is slow with many break downs and pics are opening very slow.
Not brilliant but ok
Gets hanged
Love it
Best thing I've beenniuseing for years
I hate having to delete and download again and again. I also want to see the most recent posts NOT the posts facebook guesses I want to see. I like pages and never see them in my feed even though they post regularly. What's the point of it.
I dont think that people should be forced to use messenger, i dont have it, and i wont get it ill look at my messages on the browser. Step your game up facebook.
I have uninstalled twice! Everytime i try to share it crashes or even try to scroll, it crashes!!!!
Gets better with every update.
Awesome
Please add ,, Most recent ''
I am enable to reply comments aur edit comments :/
New update sucks!  Absolutely  horrible!  Why does it default to top stories?   Stories 3 days old show ahead of 2 hours. I have to click on "most recent" continuosly.  After I ignored update requests, it eventually  forced me to update if I wanted to send a message.  Very annoying. Extremely disappointed.  So many bad reviews yet FB does nothing about it!
i dont want the messenger !!! dont force all of us to even delete facebook too!!!
New version is slow and keeps crashing
Fb app is good. I still don't get why they separated the messages from the rest of the app. This makes me use mobile version less and less...
Facebook is always hogging my storage space from the data they collect......so sick of this app reloading the data as soon as I clear it.....as well as the new permission they are always updating
I can't stand the problems with this dumb app
Facebook
Good
I hope this makes FB more stable
Samsung Galaxy tab 3 So called 'top stories' is not what I want to see in my news feed. Even most recent is just a different versionof top stories. Now the stupid thing is force closing. I downloaded the 20 odd mg update this morning but it doesn't show as recently updated nor does the update show as pending. And of course the force close problem is still there. Not much good to me if the app isn't usable.
facebook application
Great
Much better than it used to be.
I cannot update my fb app
Yeah i really like facebook i can do watever i want hehe
After updating ..it just took most of my phones memory ....
I absolutely hate the fact that I have to download messenger app. Especially for those people who have cheap smartphones like myself... This causes to much memory to be used and can't download much else afterwards. Phone constantly crashes because of this requirement. If I'm on Facebook and I recieve a message.. My phone crashes because its to much load I. The phone. Fix this issue immediately. Will receive 5 stars. And personally 3 stars is me being generous. Not pleased with Facebook at the moment.
So wounderful
I don't get proper locations for my place when i post something,gps freeze off sometimes with locations that differ.could you fix that..
It is a good app because its scop is all over the word but I give it 4 stars
Good
More fun ;'))
Forcing sucks
When login and logout
Cant live without fb, lol xx
Up to date
I am sick of seeing 'Most Popular' instead of 'Most Recent' and no way of changing it. Sick of force syncing, if I want their number in my phone I will put it in my phone, I don't need an app to do it for me. Also stop trying to force me to download the message app, I do not need it, I should be able to receive and send messages from Facebook app, not to mention the messager app screws up my phone to the point I have to factory reset my phone. These are my 3 biggest problems with Facebook app. Fix it!!
Latest update has stopped Facebook working on my HTC M8!
Facebook messenger sucks.. Ur typing and it closed... Please fix it....
Please delete Facebook Massager App
Ever since the last update I've had nothing but trouble logging out. It takes me at least 2 tries to log out. Very annoying
nice..
This app is becoming one of the worst apps ever!!! It runs slow and it's sucking up space on my phone! It also keeps constantly crashing!
Kinda Slow Thus Far
Neeeds improvement..
Great
When I open its say wait for moment and its loading 10 to 15 minutes kindly fix this issue
Better but time line is still all jumbled up fix that and i will give 5
So slow
Very bad
It is a safe place to keep up and keep in touch with family and friends so get it you will like it
Take a chance. Wth Lucky Cat
Who am i
Bed app I don't no whts matter
Good but why seperate messenger!
I don't need there number and I'm sure they don't won't mine, you guys need to take that feature away. #DISAPPOINTED
Fb @ Sara nadery

I love this app
App keeps dropping and not working. App won't show up on my tablet
This app is useless on my Samsung tab3, keeps crashing nearly every 30 seconds, can you please fix it!
Super
Un problem de charges
Love. It
Rep+
By rooting i removed fb and messenger!!  Thank god.. They were consuming too much space -_-
Will not let me upload any photos stored in my google photos. I have to download them to my device before it will let me post them. Just one more reason I would love it if the world left you and went to google+.
After this last update, it froze my phone.
Just good app I can connect to family and friends
Sooooo nice
My Facebook account what allow me to log into quiet a few of my games,King Brand mainly  #P.O
Since updating HTC One software update yesterday Facebook is continually slow and keeps freezing.
Love it
Good
Should not be forced to use it...I liked old way better
I like it
Can't use message without downloading separate app.
Why the hell hidden posts don't stay hidden in news feed?
Cool
Ah ha
Loving it
Ever since the new updates, facebook takes forever to load.
This app is garbage. Facebook began keeping a "location history" without my approval. Complete invasion of privacy
Very nice
Non mi ha mai dato problemi, mai crashata o altro. 5 stelle meritatissime.
If I want to sync my contacts I will. In future DON'T do something like that without my permission again! This is why I refused to put any of my number on my profile!
Ok seriously, worst update yet. The app itself crashes constantly and not only that but my phones performance over all has completely downgraded after the "Facebook app" upgrade. I have not updated anything else besides this in the last few days and ever since then my phones performance SUCKS. Oh the app itself is s***. I literally cannot do ANYTHING with out it freezing and or crashing. When "force stopping" an app doesn't help, you know there's something wrong.
I believe you are on the right path. Keep it up
Hate the decision to separate messaging from original app. Not convient at all.
Happy
I like it
Sometimes i hate but is enough
Ida
Jss good nje
Shabir Ak
murugamuruga
Helps out a bunch.
Love it
Good
Super
Frezze ramdomly while reading news  updates,new update error loading news feed
It won't let you un-check the auto update option!  Really?  It updates EVERYDAY now! UNBELIEVABLE! About to uninstall this sorry app!
Will you PLEASE do away with the "feature" that updates my feed whilst I'm reading it. And, also makes it near impossible to find what I was looking at, again?
I m lovin it
Keep in touch with friends and family
I cant understand why is it we dont have a choice in whether we want messanger or not.this app has ruined alot and its only due to the force contact issue.i dont want everyone on fb in my contacts its crazy please change this.i would have given it 4 stars but ue to this new update I put 1 star.and thats only because there wasnt anything less. :-(
Ridiculously abusive permissions (e.g. can read all of your text messages as of update from 27-01-2014). Also no 4x1 widget and doesn't automatically open Facebook links.
Setting up facebook... Please a moment... Load about 1 minute and sametimes crash.. Please fix and i will give you 5 stars
Exallent
Every time I try to go to my personal wall the app close.
Too many updates yet its getting worse. Large ram usage, slow to load, start up too slow, downloading a separate app for messaging. FB is getting crappier each day
Prelose ono -.-
Gewd app
like its
App crashes after it loads... Every. Single. Time.
Crappy new version.  App will no longer close it's self with the back button.  Have yo force close it every time now.... WTF.
No i dont like this. I dont need 222+ facebook contacts in my phone
T his is woooow
I haven't gone more then 5 minutes without a Facebook app crash the last few weeks
Good software
Used to work well but last 2 weeks it kicks me out all the time. Useless.
Ok
I can't reset my account as I've forgotten some info. It keeps saying password already being used or password wrong even though I know it's not. What can you or I do to sort this out? I'm tempted to uninstall
I can't start the app anymore, after waiting for it to load...it crashes! For more than a week keeps doing the same...on my allview...it worked ok a while than it started to crash a lot...and freezed a lot....do something pls
This has been going on for quiet some time. I carry a hotspot around. It's Verizon 4G LTE. I can not figure out why I can stream HD videos from any site in the world, without any problem, but pictures in my newsfeed will not load. Even when I open each picture individually, it will not load. Ever. The mobile site has no issues, but the app does. So... Whose fault is this? My device is a Google Nexus 7 (2013). My Galaxy S4 doesn't seem to be affected.
Clear out ur data and you can still use the messenger on the app. I don't use the seperate app
When it told me I had to install messenger to have conversations with my friends and family. Messenger is a resource hog and I refuse to install it again. Mobile FB until they change this. It requires no second apps for messages.
Good
Friends an games
Self employed
NTT puis xi
The most sweet social networking app that keeps peoples together despite their far away locations
Facebook
Nice app....but pls insert the text copy option also.......
Love love love it
I can download it. I dont know why?
Don't update, new version sucks, can't update anything!!!
I always using fb For all used
Slow! Please fix! -kayhlah
Blah
When you click on notification area. Only started after newest update
At least its great communication
hate being forced to do things i dont want to like having to download messenger to see my messages and it keeps syncing everyone on my facebook to my contacts even though i hit dont sync.
But sometimes hangs.
All the posts just say just now so evry thing I see was posted just now. No date and time on anything..... Very annoying please fix...
Not
I wabt to see hd vdo in fb.
I hate saprate app messenger and why i cannot send messages on facebook app? I hope you finsh this fault and day by day i hate android facebook app because there are much much errors. Old facebook design was very good for use and now this app not give most recent feeds but it give 2 days old feeds. :'(
Great App, I love it
Please put back the ability to message people without messenger and I will increase the stars.
Awesome
Good aap
Nearby Friends app always says I'm places I am not at!
Fantastic
Has facebook got the same programmers as Twitter now. Constant updates for no other reason than to make app worse!! As for being FORCED to download messenger has made it a one star app. If it wasnt for keeping in touch with certain friends I would be off FB anyway.
I would give 5 if didn't force messenger as my phone won't work with messenger it crashes all time so I can't get my messages on my phone.
Manger of planning
Full of fun in Leisure time
Amazing and I don't have a reason
Seems to have things disappear and runs slow and sometimes i can't find something i just saw and the updates are 2 days away
Why do i like it i should dislike it and it got bugs on it
Not bad
I am not Abel to send messages to my contacts please help
There in not the option to share n a private message. If I want to share something, the options are at my wall, in friend's wall and to a group. After all these updates and still missing this option to share in a private message. Pls get improve. Thank you.
This app has come a long way from when I first came over from an iPhone app.
A-1
Mencari sahabat
It hangs alot n test ur patience to ur utmost
Needs to go f@#k itself.
Ok
Best thing. Ever
It is good
Love
I don't understand why you update the app, but continue to make it worse. Won't load feed please fix.
It closes every time, please fix it! So annoying!!! :/
Okay
Uninstalled this app since Facebook refuses to listen to the people that actually use it.  Phones runs faster now without it constantly running in the background
Don't force messenger app plzz.  Allow us to chat on Facebook
Whatsapp
I'm pretty certain the separate messenger app played a large role in the recent and catastrophic crash of my new phone. Without it, this galaxy 5 works beautifully.
Boring and too frequent updates, sometimes twice in one day - with no immediately apparent improvement?! Forcible updates are the worst feature we will remember of Android OSes (once this chapter is over and we get to something new and "better")...
its not installing
Yea
News Feed needs to be more structured... in time ordet etc
Great app
Works perfectly
Vry poor
,i reaLLy like it
Until you allow messaging back into this app, I'm giving you 1 star. Why should I have to download the a separate app for messages. If people want that, then let them. But don't take the messaging function away from the main Facebook app.               Still doesn't always show the news feed in chronological order from newest to oldest. Also, I shouldn't have to download the messenger app to see my messages. 1 app for all of Facebook. I click on turn off notifications for certain posts, but still get them
As usual you never failed me FB, Flawless on my device lenovo a3000h! Android 4.2. I don't know some persons have negative feedback on your update. No problems at all in my device.
y not
this app sucks
Force sync ANNOYING.  N messenger annoying
Slow and doesn't show all the post
Luv it
Tis grand sureeee
The Messenger is intrusive and awful. Put messenger back in.the app
WTF DO YOU HAVE UPDATE SO MANY TIMES. UPDATING THIS SO MANY TIMES IS FRAKKED UP!!
new update
Your face book is too slow in tecno n7 do somethin n stop updatin after two day many of us dnt have that tym to keep updating it
fb messenger is so annoying
Since last update it's very buggy on JB - Nexus 7...
Good
It slows up your phone !
alll they do is update  where it can take  yo memory  but  other  dan dat good asf
Everytime i try to open anything besides the News Feed the app closes.  The News Feed shows status post from 24 hours prior and before. Removing app until it's fixed,  it's useless until then.
Good but browser is very slowly .can you make fastest
Good app
Its down wit makin new friends in places u mite wanna traval...
Its awsome u can see wats happening. And also message people and update ur status.
So many things wrong with this app. I'm looking for a good alternative app that doesn't interfere with SMS and why does this need permission to play with my wifi settings? One that will show my time line chronological order and doesn't need a separate app for messages.
Would be nice to not see old stuff from days ago when going threw my news feed. So don't care to see every time I share something that a pop up showing my friends liked the same page. Its getting on my nerves now.
Keeps u in touch with evrrything in the world pluss family friends and aquaintancys
Cause my disk capacity to Low.
.....
Nice to have this app in my android phones
Loved it
I'm addicted.
kader
Great
I hate i tells me the confirmation Code And im never ever gonna get on facebook
Good families., of fun
Constantly asking for download updates??? Getting bored
Nice
Continuous force close with this application
Getting Better
It perfect for keeping contact with the world
I like it.... Good performance....
It looks confusing that I receive notification "Log into Facebook to synchronise my contact"
So how Facebook decided to force us to gdo
OTF Diego
Great app keeps me connected with my friends and family. Up dates were nice to. Thanks so much!..
Most days it will not load and let me into my fb. I do not want to have to down another app just to get my msg. Like we don't have enough apps on our phone with having to add anothing that is joined with fb.
Liked it
Great
After the auto update of my fb, it hanged-up and restart my phone.
Do you really have to update twice a day?

Coll
Worst app. Always gets crashed. I don't know what's wrong?
We don't need to be forced to install the messenger, plz work on that.
Good
I enjoy the posting of family and friends.
Gud
Oops aaps improve ....
Make the app lighter...n pls dnt force evryone to download the messanger
Facebook is a dumb site that people use, but I don't like it because it don't like it, need to be better, make an update that includes games that you can only play on PC, like farmvill or cafa world
Yahoo
i love this app
Not to bad but lags and freezes alot
Every time face book automatic does update my account freezes & I have to go in & UNINSTALL & START OVER
Its slow my fone
Like it
it keeps freezing and force closeing itself please fix
Good
I like it however I don't feel like I should be forced to get it just to get my messages or others having my phone number
Login in to my page
It takes too much memory ... Sorry .. Hop you fix this problem so every one can use it .. Please !!
Good
When I got facebook I never realy used it but now that I got this app I can check what my friends are up to at the touch of a button :) Brilliant app!!!
I don't know if its just my phone but it started running super slow so I re installed and its still on the setting up Facebook screen
Jot
Thank you
It's so nice nd cool too I love it
It slow downs my phn . It works soo bad ..
Yep
Wonderful
l program kterrrrrr 7loooooo
Uninstalling. Creating a browser shortcut to Facebook on homescreen instead.
No messenger.. Booooo..!!!
Love it
It never update my news feed and notifications.
What would life be like without the  FACEBOOK?
A Class !
Why do I have to update every other day or so. I'm on Facebook everyday. Also when are you going to let me use my legal name of White Owl.  It's not WhiteOwl WhiteOwl.
Put my Facebook back on my Nexus
Best app for connecting with friends
Ok
Don't force download messenger please...
Thank
Oh I got a Facebook message.... let me open that in a different app, it'll be faster said no one ever....
Who doesn't love it? Looks pretty snazzy on android.
Really great app
Hasn't worked at all since ive updated it yesterday
There's no other app like Facebook,thnk you guys for the good work !!
Outdated news feeds from 2 years .on first page.
Photo album's  description setting and events/friend's birthday reminder can be incorporated
l1l2B3.
Very slow
Its a lot better than looking it up every time on the internet but it can be slow but that great app it also kills my battery faster
facebook need min 80 mb at our anroid phone's......:(
This is getting really annoying, because i can't save or download pictures from posts i like anymore, please fix this!
i need small size facebook after instilling
Immi
Love it
Good
There should be no need to force d messenger app in d next update...  Please work on it
What?
Yang penting enak.
Good
Do not like that I HAVE to download a second app to message, when this app already eats so much space! The amount of space used by the app is tripled by the end of just a few hours' time.  Constantly having to "clear data" just to have enough free space to update GooglePlay or even just access my gallery, between the space shared by FBook & FBMessenger.
Excellent
I can't view my facebook messages, unless I have messenger! Don't force for that stupid app..!
So fast
Sometime its very slow but good app
Go back to old messenger when it was just messages
Good
Easy to use.  Quick and efficient.
Ggb
I got kicked out of my fb app i have to go through the Internet
I dont want to add other apps for a function which was there earlier
Keeps closing out on me
I hate that all my contacts are sync'd. I can GIVE my # to people who I WANT to have it. Holy crap, not everyone needs to know my # and viceversa. Hate it. Screw it. Fix it!
Your updates just keep getting worse! This update better not be like that!! 
good
After the latest update, I can't get passed the "Setting up Facebook" screen. Already cleared cache, data, unininstall and reinstall. Using stock LG G3 (VS985).
Are messed all the way up! I had sync off for a reason! This is bs! Now I have over 100 wrong info numbers in my contacts cause Facebook decides it wants to run however it wants! Who gave you the right to change settings on my phone? It sure wasn't me!
Best social app
Every single time I try to open the app it forces me to force it closed bc its not resonding. I have to access my fb through my web browser now its getting ridiculous! Not to mention the stupid messenger app now I got two places to worry about deleting unwanted messages. Please fix these problems ASAP thanks
Nice ....star 5
Good
Very good
i like it
This app is not good, it takes many space of RAM and have to force to stop the app for synt. Hope it will be bitter.
Useless app now that i cant read massages, completely dick move from facebook. im just going to use browser to go to FB now.
Comment
Very sad update... Please fix camera roll freezing app.
I love it i just can't open my account back up now im mad.
Please do any changes for anroid facebook messenger i dont like this one
Just keeps loading have to close the app every time I use it.
Very good
Ok
Open up Facebook and none of the pictures load after the update. Also hate the force to use messenger on a different app.
Nice app
Wow
Yes good improvements
Sometimes notifications tab is stuck and doesn't show what is supposed to show
Nice
This app takes over your phone
Really good.  Works just as needed.
Can't play video why???
I think this last update fixed the auto-syncing issue. We shall see if it stays this way. Thank you for fixing this issue.
Kumar
Face book good
I like it but I dnt like sum tingz abt it n I kno it will improve soon..!" Otherwise gud to use..!"
K Bkwas
Facebook
How to change language on this apk? On browser work but in the app dosen't have anything to change the language.
Recently (since about 2 weeks ago), the app constantly crashes whenever I do literally anything besides scroll up or down, and even then it's only a matter of time. However, the app was fine before this
Facebook is whack
Significant contribution to socie
Messanger
Stop the force syncing on the contacts! Everyday i have to change the settings of this facebook app.
Hope the a new version
It's really fast
nice
The latest two updates stay running as an active application and not in the background as past versions. I have noticed increased battery usage because of this.
There is a solution. Go to your phone settings then turn off syncing contacts. Solved my problem.
Excellent
App keeps turning off on my Tablet. Not even a force close, just turns off. Updated my Tablet along with FB app with no remedy. Very annoying. ..
Face book
What's wrong with fb. Its simply stops, uses much ram., previous update was much better.. 1star for latest update... 5stars for previous one ...
Mast
Love it
good
hai friends how are you
Why is it forcing me to to download messenger app I don't have space in my phone!!!
Bal
I love it
Seriously, stop showing me the "People you may know" screen.   Make it a side-bar option.  I don't want to repeatedly see people I didn't "friend" for a reason.  Also thanks for ruining messenger.
Links open my chrome browser, but do not load the link clicked on or open a new tab, just the app itself.
I loved faceook
Low performance
Its nice... but it slows my phone to a crawl... they need to refine it.
Trying too hard. Sometimes less is more.
Meh. Nothing to write home about, thats for sure.
Abdullahi ahmed
Works fairly good but why every day a new update?  I just updated the app and within 5mins another update?!?  That's annoying! I can't connect  Wi-Fi always! And this force contact synchronization? I mean why?  I don't need anyone's number nor they need mine. Just to call a contact i need to search for it even in emergency, their are 100's of people on my fb!! FIX THISSS!!
Why they heck are you forcing the messaging app for a separate app? God more ad to force upon the users
Good
Please stop force syncing my contacts. Every day I have to change my Facebook settings to not sync contacts. This is constantly messing up all of my contacts. FIX THIS!
Not opening anymore
I like the Facebook app, but I don't like the new way to look at the news feed. I miss where you can click most recent from the main screen & not have to see stuff from 1-2 days ago. Bring that back!!! I DO NOT LIKE THE SYNCING CONTACTS TO MY PHONE! Please change this too!!!
Amit raj Parsauni madhubani
Non-sense apps ....this apps has a lots of problem.....
Its really very awesome...
Awesome app.
I do NOT want my Facebook friends synced to my contacts!! It's taking up my whole phone book - Messanger is just nuisance and there is no need for it, it's extremely annoying. Change this!!
super

Om sai ram
Facebook mtandao wa jamii
We can meet our old friends with facebook. Thanks....
Loading up faster I want to thank you much better
Add the in-built messenger and you will have 5 stars. Removing it was a mistake.
Super
MD.mohyazzem.hossain.Sinoir.accountant.caab.kurmitola.dhakha.
I said NO to syncing my friends list to my phone list! I go to look up a friend I wanted to contact and find All 100+ are all added to my phone!! You need to fix this!!! So annoyed I now have to delete each person manually!
B
great
I hate this thing fuck
Lastest update  - awful keeps closing. Can not do or get to anything especially events, friends and my own page. FIX IT
Love it lovely
love it
Okay
You could already message people with the older versions of the Facebook app and now we're forced to download a separate app to do what we already could do?! I'm seriously thinking about closing my account. Not that it can ever truly be deleted; yet another issue I have with Facebook.
excellent
osamsala
Larizaprice
D
Facebook!!!
I DO NOT want FB to sync with my phone's contacts!!  And since last update, that's what it does.  I remove the FB account in my contacts settings, but everytime I go back into FB, they sync again.  I think I've tried about everything to stop this from happening.  Nothing works. PLEASE FIX THIS....i don't want over 600 contacts on my phone!!!!!  WTH?????
Good
Very nice
Pankaj
excelent
Excellent
Why it keeps error pls fix it
Ok... But must use 4.2.1
Good
Cool
I like it
Mind  boggling  app
Cool
Stop fear mongering. Any idiot can figure out the camera permissions are so you can take pictures from the app. The text messaging access is so you can send texts from the app. Don't be so paranoid. If you are gonna freak out about permissions you can't take the time to research, don't install apps.
:>
Nic
Keeps crashing!
Bhik
I always like this aap.... (y)
Best apppp
I like it... it's one of my family member
Fix bugs
I love it
Good
Keep loading for atleast five mins and then its not responding
:)
Brilliant!!! I love face book....!!
Nice
Always they'll ask for messenger..... But I don't want for that reason I have to uninstall every time Facebook app then install..... Plzzz do something....
JayMataDe
V
G8
I loved it the most yea
Don't like the fact you have to get a app just for messages now that takes up space in my phone. I don't want to use that. I want my old version back.
Cool app
Keeps freezing and wont refresh. Needs major improvement!
Nice app
I have 300+ plus people on my Facebook and not everyone of them needs my number nor I theirs. Very disappointed all around was a good app until the whole needing to download messenger.. seriously why do I need an app to use an app I already have?  Then with the forcing of the contact syncing.. it's a bit ridiculous that Facebook keeps forcing ways to monopolize the space on my phone!
It is my first time to use it.
If i read a message then close it it will not return to the news fed that i veiw. It will go back to the top newsfed...
Addicted!
Awesome
Gud time pass and away to connect friends
Samsung galaxyS Duos2
One problem in this is that if someone replied to your comment I any public page then it won't show it properly I'm using this in xperia z1..it shows that someone replied but didn't show the comment written by that person...plz try too solve this.and give reply option such that we can reply to anyone's comment,,
Best app in social
Its very good and nice app for young people
Love It
Iloveit
alberta outlaw facebook picture
Error
Hi dear tell to me why nt hve work to Facebook or massanger have nt connected so solve me problems if u hve dnt know tell to me im deleted bcz I hve open to Internet there have work good without any problems
Can't play video on facebook
Now every time log out it has to re-setup with every log in! Wtf? Been thinking it's time to delete fb all together and with this latest disappointment its easier.  Fix or I'm gone!
The app keeps logging off within 5 seconds. Please fix
Improve load time !
For an old version
Shakeeb khan
Memang best
it is quite annoying sumtyms.
Too many update
Make life easier to catch a friend
I agree with ahmad. So irritating. My memory bacame full because of the auto sync
Layn mulugeta
.
It takes so much space on my phone and can't put any on SD card
It is very slow to my samsung android phone .
Dmi masyado problema ng mga nagcocoment masyadong clang perpekto
I keep on geting error d download
Lisa Gail
I love it ;)
For some reason my facebook stopped working is there someone that can help me
Could you make that we could have "reply" option on pages?
Love
Good
Thanks you 3al brnameg
Nice updating
FB killing my battery. I don't want, and can't stop, the sync of all my contacts. I uninstalled ridiculous messenger app that kills what battery is left. Why would I have to go to another app to use your app?  Access to messages is what I most need on my phone. Your earlier versions were great. As a matter of fact, today's update wouldn't even work. Error message 5 times so far. Hope that update doesn't have all the fixes we're all screaming for. But, it seems no one at FB is hearing us.
News feed stops working and then shows error loadin
HEROES
Horrible update with an already horrible app. Forces you to download Facebook messenger and syncs contacts without your permission.. I'm getting ready to deactivate and wait for new and better social media to emerge. One that is not Facebook or within the same creators.
Facebook
Good
Xd
Good
facebook dont shov me notification when new message are recived
Needs too many permissions, forces you to install messenger to read messages. I cant open the app without my phone rebooting nor can I delete the app. It's a pisstake
Nice Improvement...!!
Does'nt have privacy even in inbox.Everybody can read my msgs
How come my contacts have been synced without taking my permission? This is not acceptable any more, you should give me a solution for that.
Excellent
Good improvement
Is that a word that means anything anymore?  You take access of our phones without permission sync automatically when we don't want.
Nice app
For a month now, everytime I open FB, it closes or when I go to post or comment on something, it closes!  Only on my tablet!  Any help ???  I uninstalled it, reinstalled and it didn't help ! Fix it !!!!!!
Love
It is the most populor thing
Wow
Loving it
Cummary
I use samsung 4s and I cannot open my events, the application crash.

I Like It
Love it
Faab
Very good app
Nice

ÔÚ¿ªÆôÍ¨ÖªÀ¸µÄÊ±ºò»áÉÁÍË
This app is very nice & good .User's  enjoy the benefits of the app
Great
I like it
Cant comment on posts. And app always crashes.
Is awesome
Hala
How I wish I could get rid of this app. I refuse to use fb.
mumunlanang
Good
Nice
Thanks
Videos don't always play since my phone updated... :(
Synced my contacts. Eff off.
I miss the older version because whenever your chatting with someone I like when the thing on the side when someone is typing with a square like symbol like this.
Good app
N8c
Best
So good
A way to do business and meet beautiful intelligent people all over the world...JAH bless
Moore
Best Lha Jugak
Not good at all new update evades my own privacy
Super
Slow.... Weak
I liae this
Jojopasion
:( :( :(........so sad what happened to my fb?
Facebook is a really great social network. But PLEASE MAKE A TABLET APP!!!!
The app used to close upon hitting the back button, but now it just stays open all the time no matter what I do, wasting battery and system resources. I have to end the app manually. I refuse to use this app until I can properly close it.
Forever crashing . Constantly eating up memory space . Forever having to close other programmes off to use it . Have reported it numerous times
Have to uninstall everyday as all it does is freeze up. Quit updating it you're making it retarded.
I can't hide recent searches. Needs more privacy settings on the app. WHY??!!
Good
Not impressed with the auto link to my contacts....trying to remove it lead to my contacts being erased. Not happy at all. Will un install if it carrys on
Auto syncing of contacts sucks! What happened to having a choice?
It would be really nice to actually be able to reply to a person in the comments. Until ok 4 stars. When that's fixed. Then it's 5 for me....... now I would like to be able to actually report a specific post..... this app is getting weaker and weaker
Get this fn app off my fn phone! It won't uninstall.  Facebook is a fn virus!!!!! Pirates!! Hijackers!!!
Any link I click gets me to browser but doesn't open page -.-
Everyday less and less people is using facebook...i couldnt find my friends...i think facebook is gone now...new ways of comunicating are here so i uninstalled it.
friends
Scroll and animations still lagg! Please fix these.
Really dislike that i have to download messenger to read my messages it always freezes my phone facebook is becoming more of a hassle than an enjoyment
I give u 4 star bcoz of when i use by data it's too slow & i loose my very much more data..
After download I have no Facebook, I hate it
Stop automatically syncing fb friends to my contacts!
Simply excellent
Imbox
Hate the new update. Ang bagal magload ng pictures at video.
This is the second time I had to reinstall this app. Don't know why but it works fine for a while then starts kicking me out of the app and I have to uninstall then install again
It's cool way to keep in touch with friend and enemies lol
Please have a UI Design like Transparent Status Bar and Great Design of Chat Bar on Kitkat. Before I give 5 Star
Love this  Facebook and check it out download the messenger for your android
Facebook logged me out.
I like it so much for the first time
The screen get shorter, I cnt evn slide photos, and auto sync of pics.. please switch to the older one.
App permissions regarding use of camera and mic without knowledge or approval not a good look not to mention some of my text messages to people are edited and aren't even close to what I typed.  Suddenly suspected spam numbers begin calling next day after installing.  But most disappointing of all this fb app WILL NOT ALLOW YOU to open your messages in the inbox so you're forced to download fb messenger which is the same difference. Considering deleting account altogether.
Continues to say log in and then kks me out of my pge plze fix. Samsung tablet
uncomparable
OK love it
Good
Love it
Ok
Please make it for people fast and less ram used
So good
Not bad
I am giving this no stars its full of bugs and closes and its insecure. 0/5 None of the updates improve it - only worse so stop phuckin around with it ! Stop updating us with features and security which doesn't work !
Fuov
Goood
I dont want my Facebook contacts in my phone book WTF
Always got logs and hangup pls fix
very  nice
Saran dewan congrang
Sucks!!!
I like it
Is just good for nothing stoping any how, never worked efficiently, can u give me back the facebook chat plz, otherwise repaire this mess of geting frozen
Really like
TANVIR
Its really good and fast chatting.
Khan
Zahab khan
Hayatahamed
Hi
Facebook is more fun to connect with my freinds and all who wants you to be friends
Good
Super
Cant see anything in my new feed but top storys i want to see new not top
Meet me ashwin tenison
N

Huhu
Download dies not open!!!!??????
Cant even c the pic or load anything,update plsss
Whent after update my facebook is so log plzzz update this ang i give 100% star
Connecting People
MY FACEBOOK ACCOUNT DOESN'T WORK. .
Ku
cant u mike good end clear
Best
Facebook is good for chat and fun but I found one problem video is not downloading from Facebook .I don't know why ?
Ghosh
Excelance
Facebook katana is very fast.so we also injoing thank you.
Loved it
Jaymar
Thakulla
So disappointed with this app! I never wanted my Facebook stuff mixed with my phone. Well now Facebook does it all on it's own. I deleted this app all together.
See above,been trying toget into facebook for hours help
Always loved
Micromax a111 is Not support plzz new versions lunch plzz halp me
Nc
It always hang and didnt open. My gosh! Just what the fvck is that! I open the app at 6 and its 8 and i cant still open it! 2 hours of waiting? Seriously?!!
Now you automatically sync my contacts even after repeatedly saying not to. Wish i could give you zero stars.
please allow user to copy & paste link from this application..TQ
Love everything.
This app alone is 96.60MB and then I'm still forced to install messenger. Its ridiculous.
No YouTube sound
Good
quite good........
Monkhoo- 1123
Gud!!
Hate it
Its really bad i update it yesterday and iits not function wel comparing to last version especially in saving pictures whats wrong
ADMINSTRATOR creator
Benci
Update AGAIN hasn't fixed the app. It is even worse! It now crashes after clicking anything in FB on Galaxy Tab 3 (Android,
App is constantly freezing & forceclosing & slowing everything down. THAT NEEDS FIXING ASAP!!!! PLEASE FIX THIS APP!! THIS IS A JOKE, THE MOBILE APP WILL NOT LET ME LOG IN!!!!!!!
It is very good. Now a days it is very important for pti tigeres.                            Go nawaz go
notifications don't work -_-
Good
Good

Nice dude
So annoying -_- i can't read my messages if I don't download facebook messenger. Please fix it
Changes required
Good app
Disable sync contact and then uninstal Facebook and reinstall, good luck ! :)
Malik
Keeps getting Better!
Why the hell isn't custom an available option on this app? You guys are so lazy, what a joke that such a simple feature can only be used on a PC when majority of your consumers are on mobile.
Fast
good
Separate messenger and now my contacts keep auto syncing.
Abhijeet more
I've been using this app with no problem for a while. Now it suddenly kicks me off and I can't log on again. Please help
Room for improvement
I wish there was an alternative to fb. These nosey **** shouldn't be aloud to get away with it.
I swear everytime they update Facebook it runs even slower. It takes forever to boot up now.
V good
Ever heard of if it aint broke dont fix it???? Ever since update fb has been trash, especially on my tab3. I constantly get kicked, can't comment, get postings from 2 days ago. Now you have a reason to FIX IT!!!!!
Better
What a
Good
Iii
Facebook does not want toe refresh. Is only refreshes on wifi
I  love it,, don't only not me every one love's it
Nice app...
Bad virson !!!
After my update.  I now can't access Facebook from my Android device at all
Very gud i liked it vry much
Yoga
Welcome
PRUDHVI
I like it
Can't see most recent stories. Synced contacts. This is Bullshit fix it or im done. You suck... Read the comments idiots and you will see people aren't happy
App Crack
We can be in touch with our friends and relatives who live in other stste or country
I like it but I don't want syncing all the contacts
Why. I can't see reply in comments
IT is good
Ever since the last update, the app wants to auto-sync with the contacts in my phone -- WE DON'T LIKE IT. Correct that immediately.  Also, the app does this crazy thing where it blinks when it loads -- I either have to restart ny phone or uninstall/reinstall the app. Then I have to sign in all over again. HIGHLY disappointing & frustrating.
Liked it
Easy to access our social friends updates
Why would you guys automatically change my user settings? Oh and I guess I'll never be using instant FB messages again if I have to install another app that you can control and change settings automatically. Never gonna install messenger.
E
alpha D.O.G. Star...!
What ????? Setting up doesn't open.
Nc
Good to get connected wid near nd dear ones
This app keeps freezing and on some occasions it wont let me log in so please sort this problem asap
The app is awesome
Fb does not work on mobile data only on wifi more than 10 people I know has this problem. Please fix it
What?...
Very good
Baba
No way to stop or block annoying sponsored ads on FB app. Block them on my computer but still show up in the app.
Nice app
Auto close when view others profile
My Facebook is not working good :(
This apps is very f*** n the size is very big
Nice but.......
It'so......... useful for as
Cool app but its saying that it cannot be downloaded due to an error. Please I really need this app.....................
I really hate the way the news feed gives me posts in the order that Facebook determines is most important. I prefer to see them in the order posted. This option is available online, but not on the app. As a result I miss a lot of posts, and don't see them for days, if ever.
Amazing
Fb keep on crashing.. Please debugg it
Ok
The update is nice but I keep getting a glitch.that, when I open it, makes my phone screen flash black and whitE over and over again
It constantly launches when I don't want it to. Why should it decide to pre load without my authorization. I have other apps I use much more regularly that have to wait for this app to unload before they can start. It definitely allows down launching of other apps
Useful
i like it
Older version is way better
Good application
Good Apps
I am over FB taking control of how I use my Apps and phone!
U need lots n lots og improvement in ur apps. Thats why 3 stars... culd do a looooooooooot better guys
I used to like this app, it does basically everything I want it too but I dont like how no matter how many times I tell facebook not to sync with my contacts it still does.
Laggy
XD
Facebook wow its great
Y cnt update my old facebook?
Family
Understanding
Facebook
Suuuupper
ye thet
Nice very much I
Facebook
...
Update terakhir membuat aplikasi restart setelah 'just a moment'
Nice apps
its is an excellent app
get rid of the auto sync. lost important contacts that i can't get back because of this stupid new "feature!?" I dont need all facebook sync on my phone!!!!
new style was good but how many days we should maintain this style its quite boring...please change the style of FB for next update please....
A lot of memory in my android and still cannot install it
Love it
Vry bad version
When I scroll down my news feed it freezes and crashes. Please fix it I would rate 5 if you do it ASAP
I like this app
Page no upload  I can't see my friend post  very bad Facebook
Feeling good
Slow.  Does not link well. Menus are not intuitive
Good application
Defef
Nice app
Fb is error if I download
Best of the best
I've updated but now my feed doesn't load at all. I still have old posts from Wednesday. The refresh just winds and winds :( please fix asap! My candy crush wont connect to FB either now *Sad for days*
M really happy
Ey
I wish most recent, showed everything, not selected most recent.
Nice
Good Facebook
Quite good ..
Nice App

Best Communcatin app with my family abroad!!!!
Good
I tried several times to log in after phone reset.. its not responding now.. stupid app..
Ok...very good
New
Its better than previous one its faster and I can see my top stories very fast don't forget to install this
Really good
Always happy
I love it
I don't use the messenger enough to warrant 2 Facebook apps. The messages in the Facebook works fine for me. I will not download Facebook Messager, EVER, so give up trying to force it. I will give a higher rating when you stop asking me to install the messenger.
Constantly freezes up and Facebook forces you to use their messaging app.
Everything has a few flaws so I give it 4-STARS. Thank You.
Woweeee
So sweeeet
Here is big problem far us in this new vir we cant downlod videos if you sotfweare then
Beautiful
Im not very happy with this New system lost most of my photos I stored so confused
Wish yo have excellent signal always.
Better
No diell

I get that you have a messenger app now, but i don't like that app nor do i agree with the permissions requested. So i can't access my messeges on here... which is making me use it less, and less. Why couldn't you just leave it how it was.....
I dont like the update
T
After updating, facebook not working through mobile data. Works only through wifi.
Nice
Cant login
Badapp
Slow donloding
Feel happy
Links won't go to the sites. Most recent doesn't give you the most recent.  Still tries to force you to download messager. This app is the best advertisement for G+
Facebook

Every weak updation??
Confused
Suresh K Nair
Quality view my special some one and my family
Thanks to all
Friend
I love it
Love you
Best app so far
Got to meet lots of friends and had not Sen people that I've known since my school days
I like this  its very excelent.
Not happy with the sync contact automatically
I can't log in. It always says error.
Uninstalling
Msg not sent.....very problem
O
Cinta
Its memory in 14.07 mb but when I download it  becomes 73.60 mb
Good suaagar
Good dahh haha
Can you stop experimenting your app it keeps my internal storage low on space everytime i update your app it keeps unkown code etc. But please stop and fix the app if you want 5 star. And now the app doesnt load it just stay in loading phase (just a moment) what a junk app
A lot of functions are missing !!
What's wrong with this app shuts down by itself
The pics are turning black and don't load wtf is that !
Very frustrating

Facebook
Excillent
Still need an option to convert news feed frm top news to most recent
Always error loading
Super
great social app
ksa
Updating 1-2 times a day is not necessary! This last update just completely killed the app. 1.) It automatically synced my contacts so I had to go in and reset to UNSYNC, 2.) The famous "Error loading news feed.", 3.) Takes up toooo much space, 4.) Battery hog, 5.) Phone browsers won't let me use their emojis in comments is crap, so why even offer the feature if it isn't going to work? Therefore, Facebook overall (not just app)has become so USELESS since it doesn't work at all anymore! Very   disappointing!
Good
It's okay for me . I like it in computer . But this is much better
nice
Doesnt want to log in!! Fix it!
Thanks
Getting slower to load on HTC Desire S after every update! News feed settings (top stories/latest) should be accessible on main page, not tucked away. Latest update crashes more than previous version. Still a useful app for social networking but getting more cumbersome... :(
Problem with tag. ...should improve privacy for comments n like of my friends. ..
Cooool
Love it .....!!
I can't download this.
Good app
Facebook needs a kick in the head. Wake up
I like fb
Hey,the recent update make the fb news feed loading very slow. Before this everything is much better and smooth. Hope you guys fix this.
What's going on with the app, my news feed doesn't update and the app just don't work at all????
Themes maybe?
Nice ;)
Bull sheet application I dnt knw y there are updates all the time.. wch not only takes extra ram of my cell but also app doesn't work properly. .. if I had an option I wud not allow this app to stay even in recycle bin....
Synced facebook contacts without asking me to do so...

I like this cause
Tariq
Facebook
If they let us selectively decline permissions I'll reinstall it, until then I'll just make do with using a browser.

Great App.
Ok
This is very good application
king
Parikkhit
I try to open the app and it automatically closes...this app is useless.  very annoyed and frustrated with Facebook
long wait for login
Too many updates and they say their only improvements ....yahh right..
Somehow the options for privacy for selected list is not showing. A tick option for selecting individual list needs to be updated
I'm tired always updating the app.
Rating
Facebook 4 Life
It is my favorite app. Its updating all the time
Gud.
It is very helpful to all fb users.
Dos¡ªDoS
Fantastic app very gooooooooooood
Ok
Direct line to faxebook. Yes!
Good
Only thing that annoys me is that when you click on a link and then go back to the app the 'homepage' has reloaded and you have to scroll to get back to where you were.
Many bugs. Can't view notifications at all. Nothing spectacular. Lots of room for improvement especially the bugs.
I love it!
Best way to reconnect with people
I like it
Nice update for facebook user
K
This new update,which happend automatically syned all my fb contact
Not edgy enuff
Woww
Trash
Unable to install
Do not like syncing of my contacts. WHY OH WHY  are they becoming big brother .maybe I may need to dump Facebook
So you can include your own mobile browser in the app, but the messenger had to go?
Not feel like desktop
Very nice
Chinugowda
Good
*******
Jjj
Links no longer open, STILL can't get the timeline to display stories in order
But sometimes i got stucked with my phone but its super app
Lot's of laaaaaags...
Nice .
Mughal
I finally downloaded the update and now Facebook no longer works on my Galaxy Tab 3.
Zzzz
fb is more important for me now.
Its handy to use....
Make fun
Since the new update, the app does not load my news feed when using mobile data. IF IT AINT BROKE, DONT FIX IT!
Just nice
Clearly this new fb is a whole lot of shit... i logged out thinking it was my phone..... but no this app is so beyond kak i cant even log back in... its been two days really now u should work on ur shit.....
Very slow app
rs
Keeps your friends intact.
Facebook give me more friends..
Like its
It's 2 good
Khaistakhan
Amazing
Muthusamy
Its fabulas 
I love it 
I love you jaan puja
Dont install mesenger because is spy
It's awesome to use
Nice app.
its good
ahhh!!! very very very slow!! Very Bad!! There's no difference between last version!!
Nice....
Too much boring app
Mujhe fakhar hai main musalmaan paida howa ho
I keep having to trick the app into messaging because its trying to force migrate me. Not happening. You've shown us you can integrate it and you'll have 1 star indefinitely because you've tried to push it like it was required.
I like facebook.
30359932
It keeps us close with our frnds
Sync my contacts and then logging out i unistalled it for Good
good
Improved it
Bulky app,taking too much space and ram,forcing me to install fb messenger,auto sync allways on.
Unsync my contacts and do away with the stupid Facebook messenger app.
Liked it
Doesn't work after update!!!!! S4
This app is Amazing ..Islamic information to All Muslims seen here any problem. Solve .friends brother
I want to see the recent crap not stuff from 4 days ago
The device gets really hot using the last update and drain the battery
Sanjana
Can find friend without pin
Lags a bit
The update sucks. Poeple tell me they have sent me messages and i cant read them and yes i have messenger.
Superb.
Love it
Niceo
SERIOUSLY.... THIS IS STILL NOT FIXED, I WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE IT IF YOU COULD PLEASE JUST FIX IT. .............. ARE THERE ANY OTHER SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB 3 USERS OUT THERE STILL HAVING ISSUES WITH THIS APP ?????????
Nothing else I can say except download & install :)
Though at times its slow. Its nice to meet long lost friends
Dil seDil tak ki khabren mil jati hain
Awesome app!!
What  happened????after I updated  my fb totally  cannot load...it so that error loading???
Super fast
My soul is alright!!! With me AMEN...
All time keep synced my Fb contact!!!! I don't need it.
To slow fix plz
It's nice..good to reach ur family n friends who are far away to you.
Why always block add??
Me licki
This is grate  I love it
yousuf kwt
Super
Sathies
Emm. I hope it not lag again..
Prajapat
Ramu
App keeps crashing
Recent update won't let me see videos posted on my timeline. Really would like that fixed.
Nice
Just love it
Force closes EVERY TIME I use it now
I cant even use the app it either dosent start the download and when it did install it would just freeze me out..please fix I need to save some old pics from facebook.
Nice
Owsome!!
200300
nice
Why don't I have the new design on my Nexus 5?
Loved it
I love it
Messages no longer work?
Itumeleng
Dis is b.s. specially asking abouy the f**king crap about fb messager for my pm
Its good but some times slow
J
This is like to aap nice
Aliya
Good
Good app for social updates
Force close & lag
Chrome opens but it doesn't open any page
Allways hung up
anita charley
Sh**t why did not open this App ...
cheki raks
Can't login
Keeps closing everytime i click on something i love facebook but will not use this app unless you fix it
easy to reach my friends
Gooooooooood
I need "most recent stories" option back. Seriously. I don't like finding out that it's "National (something) Day" the day after it was. Another huge problem is that I'll be in the middle of reading something from the feed and it will jump back to the top. IF I WANT TO GO TO NEW STORIES, I WILL PRESS THE NEW STORIES OR THE NEWS FEED BUTTON. Also, STILL waiting on being able to reply to comments. More probs than that with this app too, but dumb limited review space.
Since update im unable to log in says connection error but all my other apps work fine.  Really irritated with this.
123456
Takes too much tym fr loading...quite slow....
Awesome app
Facebook
Anand A bansode
Why fix what isn't broken? Just terrible, shows you don't read reviews. Why do you get to choose what is a top story for me and then not show it in my most recent feed :/ I don't understand how you have so many 5* ratings
Am using mmx canvas4..n i can't save d videos aftr updating.. Pls solve t..Other things are gud
Its an awesome app......
Not happy with the automatic sync of my fb contact, I don't need them in my phone contact.just now I'm going to deactivate this acct.fb doing too much.
Marao
Y m
It's koo
i like older version
Newest update make asus zenfone 4, 5, 6 (android 4.3) error on voice message...!
Mancherian
Needs more improvement
Lose my facebook account.what is going on....
Niceeeeee....
Connected with fb from last three year
Made for each other
Im loving it
Chat totally off nhi hota
I love it
for an older version
Not all pictures load on wall
Same thing happen to me.ever since i updated my samsung tab 3.it always crashes i cannot post,comment and everything.pls fix it immediatly!its been days  now.its the still the same.
I like this app coz u don't need to go to computer shop just to online and u have more time 2 use it so it's a helpful app
I love this app
Goog
If this syncs my contacts again I won't be using it!!!!!!!
Bad app
i can't make updte
Good!!!!
Its helpfull in make call. Its helps me a lot. Remain thing dnt look cool. Only for calling option i give 4****
I dont know why but it always crashes on me it is the only app that does it. It is super frustrating!!!! :(
This app keeps freezing and on some occasions it wont let let me log in so please sort this problem asap

Ok
Best app ever
very slow loading,especially when i open it...........
Now Facebook is more awesome and more simple its the best social media
I ts very exclusive message app to all
Unnecessary to show.
Works great if I only want to look at the news feed.  Don't dare to do anything else or it crashes. I've resorted to using my browser. Uninstall reinstall etc nothing helps.
Facebook
Best
Every time I open the app it cuts right back off and closes tf
Tahsina maksud(susana)
aung
Love it
Won't login y
This new update of FB totally suck!! I can't even log onto FB on my Samsung S4! Unfortunately I updated the app without reading the other people's reviews! Please fix it or bring the older version back!
Loved
Constantly closes!!
The synced contacts is getting really annoying also everytime I open this app I scroll down or try to go on my home page, and the app backs out to the home screen which is extremely annoying and very fustrating since Im traveling constantly. I dont understand what you guys are trying to do but you definitely need to fix this problem
Mafia staff car
The only thing which i saw while using this app was only the colour blue n just a moment as d app never opened up fully. Moreover, the contacts are automatically getting sync even after turning the option off. One word for the app that is Big Capital "PATHETIC". Developer team please for the sake of ur salary get this $#!T together and fix it!!!!!
good
It is verry naice app
Hi
. feeling connected to everyone
Nice
Sometimes it hangs and does not respond for a while. It should be fixed
Won't stop closing,  very slow.....  Not happy at all!!
Nice 1
very nice
Book
Ang tagal mag install
Since the update my contacts sync. I will turn it off and sure enough a few minutes later it will be back on. HURRY UP AND FIX THIS!!!
Hi.
It's nice
Nt working download fb whu tell to me
Good
I can now replay to massages it's not messed up  any more awesome!
Very good
Samantha sanjjewani kumari
Bad
Favorite app
Very nice app
So ousome
Do not like fb numbers onmy phone. Please fix this! !!!
Stop Syncing My Facebook Friends into my contacts! I Don't Need All Them In My Contact List In My Phone! This is very unacceptable! I hate the app now! So I deleted it!
App gets stop working after 2 or 3 min of opening
I just don't like mark
Nice
Since yesterday my facebook had changed it doesnt show any pictures or photos its slow only on my phone
Not so bad...
Theek hai
Why does it require so much space to download. I had to uninstall due to not being able to play videos and when I attempted to download again, it kept saying insufficient storage space available. So I had to delete apps and as of right now, still waiting to see if it'll download....nope!!! Still saying the same #!@#'!/ thing!! Getting pretty angry now. Do I have to wipe my entire phone clean just to get back on fb!?!?!
Everything on my facebook is not working its frozen cant change pages or update or log out, then i delete fb of my phone and re install and now i cant login, fb is starting to iritate me. Fix ur mess or u guys going to loose clients.
What is up with they syncing of the contacts I mean come on Facebook get your crap together or y'all will be No more just like MySpace
Oo
Mandatory MESSENGER installation sucks!!!
I don't want to install your messenger never ever. Fcuk you with all your promotion.
Works out great for what I need it to do.
Won't let private messages open. Tried installing it again, still broken.
fx como laa
Great customer service
Before it was good..but now its so annoying,!
Wow
Nothing much..but gud..
You know, the one where I didn't need to download a separate message app???
This is my favorite facebook that I learnd into a closing to my other friends thank u
It kicks me out to much
Now my Facebook doesn't work why?
Nice
Sakit kepala
It seems to make me play catch up, but I don't mind, I just Update the app and all is Well. Thanx FB...... ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
It's great so watever
after update the application was slow.  Now it won't open crashes instantly.  tried re-installing but didn't solve the problem.
Good
Good
.
I do not want my contacts synced
OK
When you click on a link that opens your web browser, read it, then return to the facebook app to keep reviewing your timeline, but it 'refreshes' and starts you over from the top, and you never find where you were cus 1,000 stories were added and everythings in a different order....thanks FB. Or when youre looking down your timeline and suddenly if 'refreshes' without permission and jumps to the top. Solid.
Nice
Bst app eva...luv it..:)
Supernatural
Latest update really sucks , it doesn't work properly . When i start using this app ,  it suddenly stops i don't know what has happened to it so please try to fix it.............
Not running farfact on the my sell
Awesome
Nice social service
Very safe
Facebook app is good. But working process is too slow. Downloading nd uploading speed too slow.
Supper
Galaxy s4. Works good
It's ok
This app keeps crashing on my samsung tab 3 everytime I open it or just scrolling a little every single time after last update, this sucks!!
Good
Very nice ap
Cannot hear video's audio :(
Why doesn't the news feed show the most recent posts?   I'm seeing posts from days ago!  I can't check my inboxes and I'm not installing the messenger app just to do so!  Need to fix these issues!
waste of time.   now it has been closing on its own for no reason which makes me loose my place. f u fb!!!
|| My best express ||
Sangat ok
Every. Time I scroll. By a video it freezes
Change...
I want to see whats happening now not what happened ages ago. Give us most recent as the default setting. Everytime i open facebook i have to select most recent. Getting tired of it now.
Copy-paste feature must be added...
None of my news feed loads, it freezes often. So obnoxious!
Many permissions are unbelievably intrusive and unnecessary for this app
...
I appreciate ur fastest social net work for easy connection please keep the flag flying"
Amazing
Hate the messenger.
Laast update made it suprb
Since i upgraded my fb i can't see my latest news feeds it keep on telling me dat there's a error loading news feeds
Facebook Awesome
bagus facebook yg bru ni....
Love it
Sarwanandan
Make it stable. Starts lagging after few days of update!
Best of the best
It is slow at times and it force closes
Whenever i play any video it just crashes. Can play not a single video. Its been since long. Why haven't you done anything abt it yet???
Namdev Lokhande
It OK.
It's   working!
It sucks
Just like so many other users, I use an older version & Facebook on my mobile browser. This app has to many faults/problems for me to install only to not get used taking up valuable data space. I would install & use this version & give it 5 stars if had 1 main page instead of 2, if the refresh option & the top stories/most recent option was added to this version. I activate/deactivate sync by going to settings, then to accounts & from there I go to Facebook
Jay mataji
Is best
Wow
I don't like update my apps every week.
Why i cnt find fb n my apps !
nice apk
Was not told about the automatic videos! In two days it wiped out my months worth of data.
Facebook
Previous version was smoother then this..
I had no real problems with this app till just the other day..... omg! Now facebook wont even load.wtf
so slow after updated..
Face Ka book
Keep up the good work.
Sadly since facebook updated I seem to get a request every other day to re-log in because my current login has expired!!! Not happy with this app now.Its getting too big for itself and thinks it should change what it likes without any thought for its users.Bad move facebook. I've already ditched messenger because of same problem. You will eventually fail if you continue the way you are.
When I was reading the news, it's just suddenly stopped working. This is not the first time. It's very bothering me.
Display outdated status rather than latest updates best part no setting to change! Now the app only shows status that are at least 12 hours old its stupid....
I rate 2 stars b`coz this freakin the hell ! It keeps crashing on my tab. Can you fix this to samsung tab
Facebook Browser
Its ok mean it could be better.
Buetty
Sadly since facebook updated I seem to get a request every other day to re-log in because my current login has expired!!! Not happy with this app now.Its getting too big for itself and thinks it should change what it likes without any thought for its users.Bad move facebook. You will eventually fail if you continue the way you are.
New update no godd i dont want messenger they automatic installed messenger
good
I just love it
Interesting
Updated yesterday and now can not load up and get on Facebook  not happy at all  please Facebook fix this issue
1. I want to see Gif's.                               2. Voice Recordable                Status's and Comment's                       3. And video galleries                          4. Need's the ability to                   hide and to unhide certain     galleries.                                                     5. It freezes after you block someone
Hate having to download  separate app for messenger
good
The FB app stopped working after the new update was installed. Hasn't worked in 2 days despite reinstalling etc.
App keeps adding down on me I hate this app I uninstalled it
Dumb
Awesome. A lot more options and saving
Crap
Fb
k.venkatesan
Magjmt
Every time when I read something in some page and then go back to look down, it returns to the top of page and I have download full page till the place where I read the last article. Please do something.
Good
Awesome.....
Ever
Aways useful
Jasla Nasi
App is gr8 only prob is it doesn't log out by one attempt it jst minimises the app & says that session is expired
M LovnG it ;)
usthir
Contact's pulled.
V good
Suka
Every time I try to watch a video I get a message that says an unknown error occurred while playing this video I've tried uninstall and reinstall and have filled out many issue reports and nothing has been done
Nice
Facebook
Doesn't wanna log in I've been trying it since Tuesday
It is so easy than other..
I like
A lil credit,its given us a social structure at the same time a problem
Works very fine on my Lg Optimus
I hate the new update , I cant open ., please fix this
Ashok
:-\ very upset with this messanger app it really sucks gonna unistall fb
Helping all to understand life

We are connected old & new frnds, relatives & some new person.
It crashes number of times
Videos don't play... When i hit play the app just closes... Fix it
Just updated can't use it it keeps shutting down uninstalled to reinstall
Unable to message through this app. Have to use Facebook Messenger to chat. fix please.. I will never give you 5 stars until this is fixed.. Join me 1 star till they fix the chat.
This is best application I am always using fb only
Doesn't always work
Combrink
Mobile web version loads faster and has more features.
Facebook
Very nice aap
Improvement needed
Please take this new freakin update away! It's been 2 days now that my facebook doesn't work!! Fix you crap
Awesome
After updated it takes too much space in my device so i repeatedly uninstall and reinstalling the apps. Everything else is good. Hope you can do something about this.
Need more work still slow
Very terrific
hi fb team.. just want to let you know, after the recent update, fb starts to crash whenever im browsing previous posts.... hope u can improve/resolve it.. thanks
Hai
Drama
Dont want to have to get the messenger app just to avoid going thru browser. It should be our choice to use it or not instead of being pushed into it
Facebook is getting Better but it needs a new look
Messager app sucks
I personally never had one problem with the new update
Nice
Best
Better no competition in the mkt frm fb
Nice
What the hell its not even downloading, Its been at 93% for that past 2 hours!!! Make it faster and I'll give it 5 stars
Hate the new layout
FB is the best
It doesnt want me to update it,  it tells me that  "error downloading facebooking, insufficient space in your device"   why? Please fix this
Good
Don't like the sync   it should be my choice.
This update sucks. It won't update, all it does is keep trying to sync. Don't update.
My Facebook wont work
Good
by default there was no fb installed, by manually installing it, error shows that "incompatible update" pls do something...
With out facebook,time is borrowing
I liked FB very much
Handy
So sweet
Not for lower end mobile having 512 MB RAM.
Only really get on it at night, but its aggravating when I'm reading a post and it updates and takes me back to the top of the news feed when I'm in the middle of reading a post or when I click on a link and when I finish and go back instead of taking me back where I left off it updates and take me back to the top of the news feed.
Good1
It is good for me
Gr8 way to post my pics & vids.
very good
But every time I go on I have to set to most recent...... In my opinion it should automatically bring up most recent
Such an amzing app
Im not sure if its ok because there r so many complains about dis app . But ill try it.
Awesome.... and fast recommend for anyone to really try for themselves.
Update update update
Good to use the app
Synced every contact from my friends list to my address book.
I can't download this app what happened??? Always say connection time out... Hate ....
Keeps syncing my facebook contacts to my phone. I do not like this new feature.
Biutiful,,toooo
Nice
Great keep in touch with friends and family
The best thing  ever
Always have to change my password and can't get in
Its good
Stop this new version and bring back the old version of FB!!!! I hate this app its horrible, ive taken sync off but it still sync, my phone is my privacy not for FB to keep sync my phone contacts grrrr PLEASE FIX IT AND ILL give you a better rating!..
Just don't like the messenger thing
GOOD
don't like how it automatically sync contacts though
Syncing contacts and not working on my Galaxy Tablet which screws with my other apps that it's synced to. Hope this gets fixed very soon.
New version
v v good
R
I use FB, but this app crashes on my Tab constantly, makes it pretty much worthless. Debug this please!
No need to say anything about fb here. Its wonderfull
Do not like syncing with my phone contacts.  You sneaky Pete, I'm considering uninstalling.
Facebook
I can't default News Feed to most recent.  I want to choose how I receive my news, Facebook, not you.
it
Gud one
Please fix the bug
Facebook
Seriously  I've never seen such crap.
I am enjoying the App to the fullest and i supposed to have given it Five Star but there is a bad side of it i want the developers to rectify as soon as possible before it tarnish the good image of the App. It is rapidly accumulating data and occupying my phone (Tecno F8) storage, therefore causing my phone performance to be extremely slow. Initially it wasn't so.
With the update, I've had to remove Facebook data from my contacts 4+ times today, and yesterday too. Fix this!
Disregard my previous comments
Reliable meets with friends.
Cool
Whoot whoot!
Not happy with all the contacts syncing, at all fb, get it right.
Some people shouldn't be on Facebook because they think it's a dating site
Really better than web.
Now I can't view my activity log or view mutual friends of friends. Fix this please.
I love facebood, but it keeps closing out. PLEASE FIX IT!!!!!!
I hate how u have to have fb messenger download to access ur messages this is stupid. Please remove that and put it back the way it was, this is bs .
Thanks for da app
Ok
Better on a android phone then a iphone thats for dang sure
Looking lovely likely
It awesome... Help me keep in contact with everyone. It's not slow at all even if you don't have a Wi-Fi connection.
Very very nice
Good
at last, I can reply a comment -_-
Log it
Found high school sweetheart on facebook ask'ed if i go to concert with her the rest was story book
Love n it
Can someone plz tell me why crapy FB doesnt want to load any feeds for two days now !!!  Im not happy!!!!
Is amwose
Keeps saying I don't have enough space to download when I know I do since I deleted all my downloaded apps to have more than enough memory. Have restarted and turned off waited a minute then.turned back on and.still wont let me install the app.
I deleted this app off my phone. I was tried of them synching my contacts to my phone
Like
Everything is going well.
Even no matter how much we love the app the more we update the more storage it consumes!
Awesome
Absolutely love it... 24/7
God
Its written there that it is just 20.05mb..but it takes about 40..
I love everything  that Facebook  has  I am keeping Facebook. Forever
Love with fb
i  don't like  setting  up  messenger  ok£¡ .. but this app is required otherwise i can't get my messages!! if we don't want something .don't make us get it!! take away this options in  opening chat/message and  i give  you  additional  stars!!
Status can't copy !!
It keeps closing on me after a few seconds.
Cool app
Menarik dan mudah
Liked it 8:17  MS Subba Lakshmi - Vaatapi Ganapatim BhajeHarinath Pabbisetty  486,543 views
Best app
Loved it
Too slow. Crashing dwn all d tym. Fix it asap pls.
I just got a new phone and this app is still running just as bad as it was on my old Razr. I thought it was my old phone that was the problem, but I see that isn't the case. Uninstalling. Update: worked for a while, now when I click a link, it force closes.
Unlimited possibility
Xdh
This game loses most of it's stars for being slow and unplayable. On my galaxy s2 it rarely loads whatever button Im pressing. It sends me to either a loading screen that takes an eternity, or says connection lost. None of the other internet based games I play do that. Also, Im not too sure about the gameplay either. It seems pointless to have to charge your character to hit at an enemy. Maybe to make it not as boring? Then again, I wouldn't know because It. Doesn't. Load...I want to play this game. Please?
Use this ap
Very good
Very nice
it fills my space in the storage . I HATE IT .!
It's pretty cool I guess I don't let it rule me that much but it's alright 4 stars
closed itself  automatically
untuk versi yang lebih lama..
Its messing around bwith me now... not running... killing n
N.P.F
App either lags or force closes. It's that awful. Please fix it.
Lose my facebook ac
I love it
Keeps crashing... people complaint below they been seeing this since 1 month and no support, what else can be said
More worst than before..sometimes the video clips won't load..fix it the prob..thanks
That's just it, it's not all that.
Its very easy to make it better just copy iPhone's app for facebook
No comment
Really I have over 3000+ friends due to game player.. sync all to my contacts. REALLY .... fix that crap..
My phone started acting up when I tried to disable this app, it has way too many permissions
Lov  it
FB is forcing us to let them have more and more control.  They have become big brother! I thought it was freedom of speech and expression on FB. Not anymore.
Hate the syncing contacts thing!! And why do we have to download the messenger thing I hate that! Its annoying and I don't want it all popping up
How the hell can you do this without my explicit permission? This is ridiculous. Now all of my contacts who have my number will get my info synced on their phones as well. I uninstalled the app and now I have only the basic inbuilt one. Also, What the hell is about a new messaging app? Too much to keep switching apps and eat up memory... Every week new updates... WTF!!! Do you really want us to use your app or stop using it?
Ngikutin Binanto
Poor update
The developers of Facebook really need to get ot together. This update is the worst. The app is too fu*king  slow and its unresponsive. Fix this goddamn app. No more messenger app either! Everyone who reads this needs to give facebook a one star. So they can take action already!
Facebook Is Good Now, Everything is Okey :) But there's only one thing, it updates like every 2-3 weeks and I need my space on my SD-card for more important things than just updates... EVERYONE NEEDS THEIR SPACE!!! please just don't make anymore updates that have a lot of megabytes filling up the SD-card.
This is the worst app ever. I don't like that all these people that I don't associate with other than facebook phone numbers are in my phone. Everyone I need to speak to is already stored in my contacts.  Get it together facebook!!!
I have cloudfone_exite320g and,and the app is being installed but it wont work   please fix this                         or instead can i have  the older version
Please fix, I do not want my facebook contacts sync In my phone contact's list
All of my fb friends are now in my contacts, which is a huge nuisance.  I find myself constantly complaining about this site. You used to be awesome fb. It seems as though we have grown apart. You have become very controlling and possessive. I no longer feel the love we once shared together.  I feel us drifting further apart every time you feel the need to upgrade yourself.  You are perfect just the way were. Sadly, idk even know who u r anymore with all these changes. I miss the real you.
Good bt not super
I like this version
With the recent updates, FB keeps crashing on my unit all the time!!
Since update keeps force closing
A very  good app.
Aapno ke aas pas
I cant dl this app i dnt know y
It has a large mb,.not suitable for devices with low internal storage
This hole of mess..why this app take alot of space memory lately? It worst more than b4 installation.It give me fired up..i forced to uninstall bcoz it takes alot memory.Hello..fix this ok? Oh ya..not juz that.Please fix about long loading all the time especially when I want to open my fb page..say 'just moment' like takes 4ever.Also if u meant about bandwidth? Mine strong enough to process anything (3.5G) N stop about sync n all stuff that major of us dont want..sorry..n I beg 4 u guys.fix this..tq
freezes up EVERYTIME i go to access my friends posts. before AND after the update, WHERE'S the improvement here???
Great
Such
Super cool when it come to posting pics!
#awesome
Ima see how long it last.
Needs a few fixes
Every time i go to comment or post something it deletes it and force closes or just doesn't let me get to that point. Please fix and I'll rate higher. BTW i have a samsung galaxy tab 3.
Go to fcknggggg hell fb.  Sucks. It sends me back to home screen everytime i touch anything on the app, 0 stars
Ok
Was fine until it started syncing all of my friends to my contacts even after I kept changing it to don't sync and a day later they would sync again. I don't need all of those people in my contacts on my phone!!
I love it
Rm
The update is useless.  I scroll down slightly and the app keeps closing on its own.  I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it still keeps closing.  (Being used on a Samsung Galaxy Tab3)
Wish it would not sync fb friends to contacts
Wowwwww
Gud
Dear
Like it
Great apparently and such easy access
Text more have fun!!!!!
Can get better.
Auto syncs contacts
Its not working
Thagir
You could talk around the world.
Can you fix it so the app show recent status, instead of posts form hours or days ago.
very useful,  user friendly
Good luved it
I do not like this app because it sync my contacts some people i dont want in my contact list..
oh great
Richa
Every time i open the app it forces itself closed. My galexy pad i new and i have deleted and reinstalled 3 times and still not working
Keeps crashing! Fix this!
Won't even let me actually finish opening it to even see the home page before out kicks me off, been hoping it would improve but nope so I finally deleted this app because I don't need it to build stress up over some petty thing.
I love this app
Enter facebook, touch a post, try to share, machine goes back to the flipping icon. Start all over, samo, samo. It's crap!
Have a chance to use facebook i all good
Older version was better
I refuse to use the new Facebook messenger. I have enough personal information on the Internet and would appreciate freedom to choose which type of messaging I prefer.
The most recent update crashes fb and chrome whenever I click a link.
Bhoot bhalo bachi
ok
Its really good;I like it
It has been a better experience but off late, it hangs too many times.
Love it
This new update seems to be messing up loading or opening up pictures.
I hate it keeps syncing my contacts even after I unchecked it!! Fix it!! I don't want to be forced to use a messenger app. I'm not going to use it. Will delete the app first.
I'm locked out bc someone from Bellevue, Washington is trying to hack in! I can't change my password! My govt ID I was asked to give to confirm login doesn't even let me in, so WTF.  Usually, 1 huge fb fan but this is Ridiculous!!!  HELP!!!!
Good app
Blah
Good app
Auto syncs contacts even tho ticked NOT to. No newsfeed unless u start it again. Seems to have sent my handset doolalley. Y DO THEY HAVE TO MESS WI STUFF....LEAVE ALONE
When f.book& messangar go down i have to delete it & reinstall it which takes forever to download, & eats up data!!! SUCKS....
This latest update makes my news feed repetitive and I can't control the feed. It says I'm reading most recent but I most certainly am not. Fix please.
Hate this fb app!
Use to work now it kicks me back to my home screen. Samsung tab 3
asim
jyoti
Srar
Please Update New version For Easy & Faster
ok
About Scott Thompson
I love the way I could communicate with my friends
Guuleed ma jooga
we can chat any one to know
Great App
App stops a ll the time
The app is always suddenly crashing on me when i try and do anything, please fix it so it doesn't crash anymore? Its starting to get annoying
Make it worst
Dear Facebook I have Samsung galaxy s4 phone, I ill get loading feeds error's often n often...Please consider this issue n try to get troubleshoot...
I use to be able to update it pretty fast. Now its slow. Fb has went down hill since you keep updating stuff. It runs slower than ever. I HATE it now!
Very useful
Weeeee!
I have the S4 and I've been having issues opening links into Google Chrome. When I click on something, Chrome opens, but not the specific link.
Amazing apps .

Its the best
Evrythng is good...bt works slow....if this problem will be solvd thn 5star...
TOO SLOW WHEN IT COMES TO LOADING -.-
Please....please! Stop messing the way to see the news feed. I want to see the most recent stuff. You keep trying to make it as inaccessible as possible. It's frustrating to have to click on the menu and search at the bottom for "most recent" feed. A lot of people enjoyed that mode, and you're hiding it as much as you can. Please stop that.
App constantly closes itself when trying to use.  NO improvement with this update.  GARBAGE.
easy access to old friends..
This is my preference for connecting with my Facebook friends and has been improved over time then all of a sudden particular functions have stopped working such as ability to tag names of none friends in a conversation, I always get told to use the browser which is the way all my friends use, I've been made to have this app as its native on most phones these days! I suggest you add cut and paste function and the way your default setting doesn't allow most recent posts or latest posts!
Great
You have alot of friends to talk too and play games!!!
Super
Good
Ershad ahmad
nice
Every freakin body loves Facebook
Dunia perhitungan
facebook
Don't want my contacts synced!!
Comes up with a message that it has stopped
hhhh
Why can I no longer share my own photos on the app?
Gy
Very good

Great but pictures dont show sometimes:(
I do not want to use the messenger app. Going to the web based interface and uninstalling this.
Y cannot see pass news feed already.......
Its good and really fast on the type of phone this app is downloaded to.
Hey
This is the great social media app which connected me with my frnds... But the app use more ram of phone...so phone work slowly... Plese do something in memory(size) or RAM problem.
Nice
It look so stupid instagram better
Don't like the new update!!!!   To much work to put it up.please change it. It is not easier....now I can not connect to Farm Heroes,   will all other games but that one.  Please fix
For the passed month I can only get 30 notifications.  That's it no more than that. I'm used to at the very leased 60-70. I've reported this repeatedly to fb. Nothing has been done. This is only happening on the fb app I have on my Galaxy s4. Plz fix. I'm missing MANY MANY notifications.  Some from my children.  Plz fix asap.
Facebook
Its nice
Keeps forse closing on my tab
Why did we
pg
Cant avces my account
Danish or German.  I don't have a clue  where I can report it.
Facebook app doesn't work on wifi !
What's this annoying crap that pops up every time I share something?
I like it!
It's great
Cool
As what every samsung tab 3 users say this app is useless. Force close for how many months? No useful update? Wtf.
Sometimes when I am trying to look at my news feed it will not load the pics so I have to close the app and restart the app. Then they will load fast.
Good
Love
I loved it so much.
its gone slower then slow... boring
Vijay
Very poor conection
Superb browser
It kept kicking me off
Kidilan
Is really doesn't let. Me log off it keeps on telling me that it can't load and to force close or wait or report
Love
Since updating, this app does not want to update. It is constantly giving me errors.
Keep up the wonderful work. Don't listin to all these negative commits there just hatin that's all. Worry about you
If i go on anything it takes me out of fb and it happens every time  i get on and scroll down and then it takes me off fb and thats with everything i do in fb FIX THIS NOW
Awesome
New version
Won't close out when exiting the app and have to do a force close. Each update the app gets worse and worse
I hate the New Facebook. It force closes all the time and I hate having the messenger app to see my private messages.
Don't download fast enough! Catch up dude!
Nice app
Really slow
Loved it!
Week why should we give up our peraonel info when FB dnt let us see thier employes contacts or personal information! ! #realtalk
Facebook now gives random notifications for the most annoying things! I dont care if someone Im friends with posted a selfie and someone else commented on it. It is just so not necessary and by far irratating.
I love u kakoli
When my phone automatically updated the application,  my phone crashed.   Now, although the program automatically shuts down while updating the feed, it is constantly draining my battery even though I force close the app.  Will uninstall until the  app is fixed.
Works well on my OnePlus One
Worst...how come chat is not available...its no good to use another app for chat...what happen Facebook?
Get into your personal business to much
Super fb apps fast comment, like, post, messehing, free call all superb
Good one
Great about if ur wanting to know what's going on with people now days..
Nice app
CANT CHANGE MY PROFILE PICTURE HUHHHH! And Mobile Facebook Looks and Is Way Better Than Facebook for Android..UPDATE !!
Jasparanbrar
Nice ui, i like it
Nice
amazing
Since the new update, FB continuosly crashes on my samsung tablet AND my mom's ipad. WTF? I have had several friends with other devices complain about the same thing. Oh...and STOP SYNCHING MY FREAKIN CONTACTS!!! Och!!
Face book
Awesome ,i like it
3 star
Why do I have to download another dumb app just to message people?  Expecially when I get notifications from people messaging me and I can't open them to read it!! Complete stupidity!!
Simplemoble411
Love it
When I press the back button,  the app stays open when it is supposed to close...
So slow I have it on my tablet & it won't load my pics or friends pics so bummed not happy!
No reason why it should need all those permissions identity microphone call log text messages etc
Charlie 
Every time I click on a link it closes. Horrible. Do yourself a favor and use the mobile version.
Love facebook
What else can I say that hasn't already been said? This app is a huge mess. Building it natively for Android has barely made a difference, if any.  I see more of the blue "Facebook" screen than I do any other part of the app. Why? Because this app is doing what it does best: LOAD. Load before opening the app.  Load before opening a profile.  Load before opening a picture that still won't show.  The only way to fix it is to fire the team behind it and bring in a new group since the current team is useless.
I can't see my messages because I'm being forced to install messenger. I've heard about messenger on the news and I'm not happy. Until this issue is fixed I'm uninstalling this app.
Keeps syncing contacts even when I check not to. Very annoyed with this app already. Fix it.
Cant live with out this
Well you guys did it again !!! Updated today...now I have no news feed and when I refresh is shows me 4 stories...the same 4 and then it ends....Beauuutiful job :) keep up the hard work !!
Very useful us
make a video comments
[10:37PM, 10/9/2014] RahuL
Not much impressed with the application.
Its okay
Lolol
Absolutely no point in having this app, continues to close seconds after opening. Waist of time!!! Uninstall
I can't delete it off my phone. Stupid android.
Great information
(No Comment)
I love face book. but what I think you could fix is that let messsenger be on face book and not where you have to download it. thats stupid
facebook login
Cold improve....
Every time I clik a pics, the app ends... why???
Worst update
Good good
Great. Rock on
After update keeps syncing contacts , app deleted untill its sorted !
love it
It's very slow and its always force closing.. every time i try to get on from my phone it go directly to my home screen...
App just disappears. App not usefull. Please fix soon
in love with it
Much SLOWER after the last Update.. :( + pls bring back the inbox! I dont need the messenger!
This new update is THE WORST!
Very  nice app
And I am not happy. It's puting notifications on my lock screen now when I haven't changed a setting in years..and syncing contacts without my approval as well... Seriously?  Uninstall. Will use the actual website. App is garbage.  HTC one.
good but....n
Liked usefull app
I like
Extremely disappointed in this new update. Force close, force close, force close, force close... Absolutely worst update ever. If I didn't need this app to keep up with my family, I would delete my account.
Very good
I have been using Facebook for a long time now, and its really good to interact with friends and family. What's good is you also get to see pictures and videos people share online. Speaking about videos- I have always been enjoying vieos that people share online because its quick and easy. But I do not know why, but since last month or so, whenever I play a video it will only play for 2/3 seconds then stop and only audio from the video could be heard. Please fix this and I would give 5 stars. :)
Its
Run slow can't use messages a with out messenger app and video option play isn't there like you say it is
Since my galaxy tab 3 updated facebook keeps booting me out
I love it
Makes phone go crazy
Amazing
Hate tha update. Its synced my contacts like 3 times now and i constantly have to remove em. Just tried uninstalling and reinstalling to see if that helps...

I don't like being forced into their messenger app
Always shows old information first and have to dig for new posts from friends. Ads have taken over what use to be fun and effective
Hay
its easy to use app..
phone
Nice
.....stupid
This application is very helpful for communication. unfortunately need more improvement for ram management, connection problem, picture quality, useless messages tab. I hope the team could fix this. thanks, good luck!
Too much ads
Im nothing without facebook
Where are our videos?
Facebook
facebook
Nice
Maybe it's a problem with my phone or more with this app. But I have a problem with the links half of them open in chrome and the others well... they don't.
Do not  sync my fuckin contacts  now I am getting unwanted calls and text from people I did not want to have my number
Thanks
Like the new update
What, you weren't using up enough of my data and battery life? Now with this new update (which I didn't want or need), I have to manually shut down the app? Seriously...its beyond intrusive at this point. I'm not even going to mention the Top Stories issue, the syncing contacts issue, or worse, the Messenger app (which I also didn't need or want). I'm going back to the desktop version, and in truth, I am seriously weighing the pros and cons on that one, as well. You suck worse than a two dollar prostitute.
Improve
Every time you idiots update this disaster it gets worse
Tito
I love facebook.
Software
cool&nice app for every one esly use
I'm lovin you dad!
886898
Facebook
I have complained at least 5 times. Your app keeps shutting down as soon as I open it.  This is the only app that does this. So very frustrating.
Samsung galaxy s relay, and p4wifi
Adroid
;)

I love fb on my phone but since the latest update its chewing thru my battery even when phone is not in use :-/
facebook ha bne a ama le msg kr sakthan au phone tako kr sakthan.
I LOVE FACEBOOK! !!!!
LoL
Have to level up privacy and the speed.
The new automatic updates are terrible!
Delayed posts. Sometimes things that my friends post I don't see them until 3 or four days later. It sucks
Ok
500mb in a day, wtf
Chandan
Its good

Can't even get the app to open now...
I don't understand why you added this "browser" in the most recent update; when you click any links, it opens in a noticeably slower browser, and I appreciate if you would add default settings. I also feel that the most annoying part of Facebook is that we can not only tag our friends in the comments, but that WE'RE ALWAYS DOING IT. I'd like a setting that would simply cancel out every tagged comment. Thank you for your time
Kills my phone and keeps freezing. Works sometimes by itself. Keeps saying to up date it after it says its finished updating.
Every second day there's an update which ruins the app even more. With the new update I'm not able to open my album folders. Gets me back to the album home screen. Utter non sense
:( noy
Nice..
Very slow ... Nothing change !!!
Facebook
New update didn't change a thing........           Constantly closes unexpectedly, can't search for anything/anyone. Can't update my status... super frustrating. yet, don't have an issue on my small prepaid phone? So irritating, I love my tablet and prefer using that..... Would love the older versions back!
Achha hai
Latest update sucks,it makes the app very slow to open and always"facebook not responding" message,....'will change the rate if problem fix
U should try it
Crashes
Nice
Just got fb but sounds goodB-)
Facebook open nahin hota hain
my daughter love fb
Special edition
So,FB has their crappy messenger app for the phone and it invades ones privacy without one having any say. And now I just noticed that it had synced my FB friends with my phone contacts,without my approval. FB is just one of the biggest spy networks out there and they are right in on it with our government too. So,FB and anyone else who thinks it's ok to invade my privacy can kiss my a&&.
Won't update.  Real slow
Facebook
Is the best app ypo get the chance to talk and play games with your family and friends
This app causes major performance issues on my device. Battery drainer. The list goes on. I wish Facebook wasn't the most popular way to socialize on the go. Hopefully I can get my friends to start using Google+.
I dont want my contacts synced to facebook. If I did I would do it myself. The automatic video player eats up data like crazy. -__- just leave stuff alone. it was fine before!!!!

I hate it
This sucks sync always when I turn it off it turns on again this is trash!!!
When I enter my password my keyboard sticks! I CANNOT LOG IN!!!!
NOT GOING TO INSTALL MESSENGER.. BRING BACK IN MAIN APP
Internet links now do not open appropriately in browsers and I still have issues with pictures loading slowly but it's better. I will up it to 3 stars.
After the latest update facebook is continuly crashing on my samsung galaxy tab 3 very frustrated
Everything I need and security too!  I am getting used to the new updates though...but still great!
Going to pass this rate till after my attempt
facebook consume a lot of data... always come up to force close. please improve data capability
Its super fast.
Arhggg...i dont like the new update!!! How to remove these sync?
Not reliable,unconsistant,news feed errors everyday,on the other hand everything else is good enough and everything functions well except loading of news feed,messages,ect.
I love it.
Wonderful
Since last update Keeps saying check Internet connection unable to load feed
I <3 It.! :).
Latest update crashes just after launch everytime on my Galaxy Tab3.
Loved it
Only gave 1 star so I could rate. Have had to remove app, since update (3 in last week alone) it has done some crazy stuff to my phone. Takes over a hr to load and gets stuck on blue screen with just a moment tormenting me. Nothing on my phone was working proper so removed app and so far it its working as it should. Now using FB in my browser. Listen to your customers and fix these problems fb.
I dont want fb synced with my contacts. .. I want it removed. ..ive clicked dont sync more than once...
No
Since update it doesn't let me use my WiFi to use face I have to use my data since then no more Facebook in till you fix this dumb thing.
Takes up too much ram running in the background. Other than that. Great app.
Worked great till ANOTHER update.now dosent work.:-(
Keeps kickin me off sayin facebook has stopped working..and locks my phone to where i have to remove the battery
Love it
I hate the update it just makes my phone crash
Fix the buggs!!!!!
I hate this auto sync.it makes my phone slow.Fix it please
The sync thing that shows up very time I sign in is really annoying. Please try to remove that. Really slow and the design sucks.
App
I love facebook
Bad
Not able to open links on the inbuilt browser
It's getting better
Freezes and closes what I'm doing
You did update and now scrabble doesn't work.
Catherine. Hardy
fb
Gone backwards. Viewing 'Most recent' newsfeed should not be a hassle. Let us choose the default order. And not as screen overlayed on the order you want us to use. And now I can't see the notifications tab from the 'Most recent' screen.
Great social media
Need to be able to blick game invites. I find this rarher annoying that u can't
great app..
1. I want to see Gif's.                               2. Voice Recordable                Status's and Comment's                       3. And video galleries                          4. Need's the ability to                   hide and to unhide certain     galleries
I am tired of the updates. And now when I uninstall and reinstall the app, I have to choose to turn off messanger location and it still shows my last location. Stop with everything and go back to the original facebook. Next time I will not add the app to my phone!!!! Ridiculous in my opinion
Love it
I've used it for a while now it really good any body who uses instagram or tango will realty like it.
Norma Salazar2654
It started misbehaving after I updated it
Love it my granddaughter can talk to her friends through this app  thank you :)
¤©¤±¤©:-$:-*:-Dwap.
Update facebook app and for what i cant be on nomore then 10 seconds then it logs me out, can yiuguy fix this
Terbaik
Good
It's has amazing and future friendship link
Please don't detach messenger function in Facebook. It our convenience to read newsfeed while waiting personal messages. Messenger application consumed battery to much.
U Gotta Love it or Leave it !!! :)
A problem with logging out :( I can't log out only after many tries :( fix it plz
anujkumargirianujgiri
Max
I give five star rating
Facebook
Why I can't download Facebook. It's wrote here Invalid download URL
I remember when I liked this app! It synced all my contacts...even though my settings say DON'T.
I use this app a lot. Only problem I have is it syncing my contacts. It happened twice now and it is annoying to go through an extra 60+ contacts that I don't need in my phone. (And doubles ones I already have)
On my galaxy 10.1 I can't be on for more thn 3 seconds and it crashes:(  very upsetting.   Wish I knew how to fix it!
So far so good.
Never had no problems with it in Az
I love it
E ven I m not open my fb but always message com f b not responding Its really frustrating
Love it
I wish you guy's would make facebook better and fix the problem! And I'm not getting my notifications to my phone!

I luv fb
Pangit
Facebook is much appreciated by the whole world.  Oh I like it so much
Love it
Nahh doesn't even work like tf
:)
Closes out when I need to go to chrome
So cool
Love it
New Look Of Facebook
Awsome
Facebook is the best
Stop syncing my contacts!!!
Onces I downloaded  it crashed my phone and my phone froze
2014¡ñ¡ñ¡ñ ZERO STARS¡ñ 12/10 cant even do 2 interactions, app just logs me out!!!!....¡ñ10/10 Is this app actually for the "android" OS, or just for phones, can FB answer that please?..!!!!                                 ¡ñ9/10 Just the same logout no fixes. ¡ñ27/9 if FB was a shop, it wud be closed, do the fix. ¡ñ14/9 ZERO¡ï no fix for me ¡ñ10/9 SAME OLD FB all other apps fine.¡ñ8/9 Probs same no fix.Two interactions then back to the home screen. Device fine, hadchecked at my expense. ¡ñ1/9 New crap update, still logs out, FB users = Lifeblood of FB company FB seem not to care, we still use-as no alternative. Worst app on device !!.¡ñ21/8 CRAP logs me out 20 times a day, no choice but use, what else is there?. ¡ñ5/8 FOR CRYING OUT LOUD FB READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS-CAN YOU HEARANY OF US, NO POINT ASKING FOR  COMMENTS IF YOU IGNORE. ¡ñ31/7 Always logs me out. NO stars if i cud! ¡ñ23/7 What is wrong here? moves me from my viewing to the f***ng feed page. PLEASE FIX !! ¡ñ25/6 Keeps saying FB stopped uninstalled again what a farce ¡ñ9/6 Updated and now when I click "photo' box, orientation changes from pan' to portrait, have to choose photo from wrong angle. Un-Reinstalled - same. 1¡ï only.
Love it too much
Facebook love it.
This app keeps freezing up on me and then kicks me off about every five mins this is ridiculous please fix this
THIS APP SUCKS MAJOR GLUTEUS MAXIMUS!!! DON'T EVEN BOTHER!!!!!!!!
fb
I updated it not even think that it would do this. If I wanted my conntacts synced with facebook I would do that on my own!!!!!
Maybe I won't have to go thru a bunch of mess to create a temporary facebook page until I get back into my old one.. And clean up the mess that's been made in mine..
Looking forward to seeing the option to permanently select 'most recent' news feed, rather than top stories.  4 stars if fixed.
I love it.
New update is causing my contacts to constantly sync even when I set the settings not to....arghf !@$#%#!!!!! Had to revert....
spaces five stars.
I dnt hve any complaints
Its not bd
How about you add download able themes onesthat could maje facebook look different that could be fun
So I Can't Watch Videos Or Even Message People With Having Facebook Messenger Which Freezes My Tablet All The Time I Love Facebook But I Think It's Time For A Update...
I can't download the Facebook application in my lenovo tablet for technical reason. Its written like this: unknown error code during application install."24"
I would pretty much want to access my inbox without being forced to download messenger and i know its possible since messenger is just a waste  of my phones space
Its good app but the whole where u have to have the Facebook messenger app to message anyone
Fantastic
Tooooo much
Average
It takes up all my space. But  it runs alright.
This is how i keep up with all my friends and family.
Nice connectivity
It wont open on my galaxy
People post the most pointless things here. Nothing funny, inspiring or anything. Just dumb stuff like "I need the toilet" like why... My friends act really cool in real life. But when it comes to Facebook... Some act like baby's trying to work a computer
Such irks held
I have installed & uninstalled several times in the past few months, I don't wants 500 odd contacts in my phone book, stop auto syncing I did not give permission, next time face will stay off my phone as is messenger! You are too intrusive & i do not like it!
U Gotta Love it or Leave it !!! :)
I don't want to automatically sync contacts.
Fb
Nice
Siipppp
Freezes up every time I scroll past a video...so like 10 times a day! Have to uninstall and reinstall every time!!
Wonderful
FB is this type of things that will turn people away - like there is no need to have 4000 plus followers on my phone contact.  The whole point of Facebook is so you can meet and stay in touch with other. So if I wanted there personal information I would ask them and NOT HAVE Facebook make that decision for me. NOT GOOD
App synced all my Facebook friends into my contacts without even asking and now it's full of unimportant people.
I love it
Going to church
I love facbook it my favorite
Nice apps yow
Nice
Thanks to this latest update the app won't even load. Great improvement. Uninstalled- reinstalled, still no go. Ty Facebook.
It sucks.
Nice
my fb <3
New version is worse than ever
I like the app very much but why am i not able to copy and paste
(:
Getting REALLY sick of the app closing every 3rd or 4th link i click on, all since the last update, get it together!! And now it's pretty much all the time, uninstalled and reinstalled and it fixes nothing, come on.
Very good this app..
Exell
Delhi
Hang too much
Ever since the last update.  I can not use my wifi or bluetooth.  Very upset.
Exllent
Keep syncinv all my 3000 frienda to my contacts even after I select no sync. Had to delete app.
Better than using a web browser to access facebook
They keep syncing my contact AND they have the NERVE 2 FORCE me to download this dumb messenger app just so i can c MY OWN message on fb...
Cool stuff
Automatically updated and not liking the update WHATSOEVER!  I load the application just to have it force close and when it does work occasionally it force closes itself.... UNINSTALL!!! Prefer to use web browser. ..
First to go to.yeah. ok in my book. Wahoo.
like
Wonderfully good
Ok
Excellent
Newest update makes the app run constantly.
Love
still enjoy
This app was working ok but since the last update a couple of days ago its gone very slow and jerky and also crashes all the time. This keeps happening on both my S3 and my tablet. Please fix this as I would rather not delete it, thanks
Vesy
It keeps crashing and being really slow...SORT IT OUT
This new update is horrible nothing will load !
Jj
Supar
Too slow. Nothing loads quickly. I have a galaxy s4 with 2g and a super fast WiFi package. All of apps work quick including Viber, which is apparently the slowest people talk about. The mobile app needs to be fixed I guess.
Mustafa shekh
115mb on S4, wtf? Its getting bigger and bigger...
Awesome! !
Try my best
Very nice
evertime I reset my password it dont work right. dont know why
Facebook page
Constantly needing to update it feels llike and I Dont want to sync my contacts. And apparently I can't like anything anyone posts anymore so that's cool...
Good.
Nice
Its synchronized all of my contacts that aren't even necessary...
Woow
Fb
This app was great facebook its owsume
Hello
Wonderful
Given 4stars,would have been 5stars,but not logging out. Please fix.
Bad app
Please get ride of the msg app, it's  annoying, I can't read my msg without being told to install an app each time. and stop snycing my FB friends number to my phone, if I want to I would've snyc it myself a long time ago. Dang it.
luv itt
Gandu app ..... bhenchod kisne bana do Ye app ..... madarchod.....
It's useless without messenger and it take up so much SPACE
Was a great app now it's just good unfortunately.
Tumbz up...

Poor memory usage on Samsung centura. Uses have of memory
Keeps force closing on my tab 3. Have emailed them about it with no response or fix. Also do not want to sync my contacts.
Facebook is more fun to connect with my freinds
Love  it
Exelente
Best
Lovely lady looking for love :-)
Pls improve the stability, performance and speed because is a bi slow... My friends told me that on every phone and tablet is the same. Ty
Love it
It keeps kicking me off while using my tablet
Not happy...why do you need to messenger app? Can't message people otherwise
Slow
need more labor to run the app quicker. and the other downside of this latest version is camera and messenger's icon in my menu screen.
Good
syncing contacts urghhhh
Constantly closes,  open for few seconds then close.  So crap!
some times not wrking prply....
Less memory use, plus a couple of enhancements and cool tools.
It cleans up all the junkk
N
It ight
Love
Hvala lijepo ;-)
Ferial almohtaseb
I love this new version it solved my previous problems now I can add all of my friends in each post
Facebook
Whenever I open the app it always says "error loading news feed"
Setting up facebook... Just a moment... Then locks up??? Now can't use. NEW UPDATE ASAP!!!!!
The latest updates have failed to solve the constant crashing on my tablet. As the app is next to useless, I will be uninstalling and revert to the android web browser.

App only let's me look at what you feel is top news. Will stick with regular version
Awesome
Good
No way I'll install an additional app for messaging when the current Facebook app was doing it. Facebook app removed!
When I install or download Facebook 960 error code come; i can't installed it. Please solve it.
When trying to do something automatically get booted and getting mad
I love fb thanks fb team
Keeps freezing up now that i updated. It sux also if i wanted to see old status i would  searvh for them. Change it back
App is constantly freezing & forceclosing & slowing everything down. THAT NEEDS FIXING ASAP!!!! PLEASE FIX THIS APP!!
Nice nice <3<3
Unique woman
Facebook
Facebook has ruined lives cause people think a post is the same as a phone call or coming to your house. And I HATE messenger (and don't have the app) It's wrong how fb can take pics using your camera at anytime without your permission. LESS THAN 1 STAR...!!!
Stwe
Mirdha
nice
Is good for all,
Nice
Gopal
Why not just give them your bank account info too! Seriously.... do they really need access to that much information on your phone!
Good
Messes up my brand new phone, takes too much room up on storage space, kicks me out of app and we shouldnt have to have messenger to message people. Its a scan.
So many little things to invade your privacy and steal your information.  Ridiculous!!!
Fantastic apps but
This app is a piece of crap. I never talk to these people, I don't want them in my phone contacts. What is wrong with you guys?
Nice app i like it
Love it but today it started shutting down on me have to keep opening it just to shut down
Facebook
Good
Good
my friends
Well i can't post pictures in my own group nd just keepd loading yesterday's feeds. High consumption of data
Why does it constantly need to be upgraded every week I don't get that
Love it .Tt is a great app connects more with your freinds realy love it
Stop syncing my contacts!! I don't want them synced and am uninstalling this app till it's fixed!
Use very well
Auto sync....ey ? I don't even think I no half of my friends... total Shite
Facebook
Mya mya
Excellent
Update
Keeps kicking me out.
Deleted the updated version of Facebook and now it doesn't ask me to use there Messenger App, just delete the new and Google the old Facebook apk, works without Messenger now, just make sure you go to the Play Store and then to your apps and click on Facebook app, top right and uncheck auto update... Hope this helps....We shouldn't have to be forced to download another app just to message on Facebook...
Like!
Hhh
I can't seem to access my Facebook account. I deleted the application and reinstalled it but still experiencing issues.
Download
Hi
Horrible..I uninstall it..less drama
The best
Love the way it is set up. Thumbs-up & like.
I love facebook but this specific download is messing with my tablet! Seriously needs some work guys... It force closes after a 30 second browse on my facebook page, I am getting very frustrated with this!!! PLEASE FIX THIS...Then it will deserve a five star rating for sure!
Cauninfrancisco@Yahoo com.
Why the heck is this synching my fb contacts on my mobile???+

Facebook
Totoh11 Totoh11
It's great.  I would like to use emojis though.
I
For friends
Could the time line not scroll to top while I'm trying to scroll down? Could I also remove tags from comments that other people have tagged me in? Would also like to move pix from 1 album to another from the app.
Custom sharing never works. Lots of times I have shared a post normally but some of my contacts can see it. When I try to custom share with them it won't let me share. It is just greyed out.
Azam Khan
Social network
Facebook
Fine looking
Very  addictive can be the 24 hrs in Facebook. Lol. ..
I don't have unlimited data and ever since this new update all of a sudden facebook won't load any comments or pictures unless I desconnect from wifi. This needs to be fixed ASAP!!! Galaxy S5.
I just want to uninstall this app from my phone and it won't let me! I want those people out of my contacts!
Everyone can steal my pics coz of new version
Users keep complaining about the sync contacts thing and Facebook doesn't listen nor do they seem to want it fixed. I'll just use a browser instead of this total crap. Not listening to genuine complaints is a sure way to lose users. You suck!
Need frients
I like it.. because  conect with my friends also... I"ts true fun..
I can't download
Its Good.. but msg content cant copy on clip board, so i dont want to give 5 Star
Shuts down every time I tap on something. I reload about 50 times a day. I finally switched over to fb on browser. I even deleted the app and then reinstalled it. Worse than ever!!!!
No problems so far.
Very good app
But .....
Way better than the old
Constantly kicks me off FB or wont allow me 2 post
Get your sh@$ together FB this is unnecessary to snoop and and consistently update your wack app freezes my phone I will not be getting this again you do not need to be in my business knowing what's on my phone is my business not yours get it together your not cops your a social media back up and rethink what you are doing
Excellent Messenger ..!!
Ayat sayid
Generally like the app and the new addition which allows external links to be opened within the app rather than having to switch to the browser. However there are some links which I'd like to be automatically opened in the respective app (HuffPost and BuzzFeed for example) but since the change they are instead opened in the app and require an added action to open in the separate app. Please fix
It's fantastic for people to find out lots frinds
good
This is fb.....?
Super speed verygood
I can't choose not to sync my contacts.  Fix it! I am deleting the app until you fix it!  Not happy Jan!  Not Happy!
Why the hell does it take over 30 minutes to load? "just a moment..." more like just half an hour -.- this app used to be great, it had little storage capacity and didn't take long to load. What happened?
nice
Using a galaxy tab 3 10.1 with kitkat update.....the app crashes very often, up to 3 times a minute....crashes when i want to view a photo....please fix it!!!
I can now talk to folk
The updates and the app period take up way to much storage. Give the option to move to SD card
Fed up with facebook constantly updating had 3 updates already this month . Why o why all these updates
Shocking
It keeps bloody crashing
Very good
Plz help me fix this problem every time i trying to download this app error 24 keeps coming up and i cant get to download it.
Good :)
Continuously crashes on my LG G3
There's no "custom" and "friends of friends" privacy options when i post something .. i have to open my pc to change the privacy to "friends of friends" !
I dont know why i am not able to see pictures .. like there is a refresh arrow on pictures i am unable to see that .. my internet is working properly but i dont know why i am having this issue.. plus why when uploading a profile picture it asks for crop a photo and there is no other option to leave the croping part. I just dont like it!
Nice app
Good life
You know what I'd like to suggest? A "Watch later" button just like what YouTube has, cause there are times where I just don't have time to watch a 6 to 10 min clip, but I'd be happy to watch it later on when I have time if only there was a "Watch later" button. Create this and I'll give it 5 stars.
It does not work in my sony experia e1
Love fb!

Amazing
Nice !!
Why are you forcing us to use the messenger? i really hate it!
Used the app daily before the update however nothing loads anymore. Now unusable in fact. No videos load no photos load only text and broken links. Nexus5
I uninstall this aap due to tons of issue now I m trying to install again but after Approx 50% it give me error 492  what is this solve my issue I give 5 star
Just figured out that all of my fb friends are synced in my contacts. I did not want that & do not want it. If I have to uninstall the app to get rid of them so be it.
Better but still don't like this messenger situation
This app makes our world much communicate!
I've been trying to log on since this morning keep on saying error in network try later.
It really come in helpful.
Come in good handy
Good features
Good
Love FB
I am only using this application for sync of contacts cause it is very bad if I used it to see my fb wall, and it is eating my phone memory like V8 engine drinks gasoline. And it is buggy and consuming my rams for nothing, a lot of services. Please let it be on memory card and cut off unwanted services that loads in ram
Offical mail
Lakwani bunu koin
Y
Love the app
Awesome
So much!!!!!!!
Stupid app doesnt wanna work on my sony ericsson u29i :(
Khadak
Every time I try to do something it kicks me off, Since the last update
Since the update fb keeps closing.......if it's not broke don't fix it changed my rating to one star
For some reason, the fb icon is missing on my smart phone. Please advise. Tnx
every time when i login after using fb it doesnt logout properlyand shows error
It wont connect. Ever since the update it won't connect. Its annoying
Always hanging
Like but starting to use too much resources
I like it
Guddu
Loved it
So cool
All i can do is open the app it freezes please fix. Anytime i leave news feed it shuts down.. Really  frustrating. The update 9/20 does not work fb shuts down immediately what the hell. 9/22 still crappy please fix or I'm done with this app. I've begged several times done with this app. Uninstalled  negative stars. Reinstalled got new updates still won't open.
External links never open, and the app force closes all the time!
I love facebook
Updating means improvement right? Wrong. Ever since the latest update I haven't been able to use Facebook at all, my feeds won't load, I can't access any profiles including my own, I've got tons of notifications but can't open them. Please tell me how to use the previous update instead???
Great
Good one
Every time a try to watch a video on my xperia it just says error all the time use to work before update just updated again still not playing video's come on get it sorted just updated again still no video play back over my phone network only play videos over wi fi
#1app
Won't even download!!
Took sometime to install but great site
D Vs Vj
This app is always updating to include useless features. It never fixes any bugs, like consistently crashing. The separation of the messenger from the main app is perhaps the worst idea they could have had. Their app worked fine before, since the messenger has been pulled this app crashes and gives false notifications.
Good
Love ut
Ye app Bar bar install karni padti hai
Very good
Wow
Ready
Keeps on syncing my contacts!!!!  Grrrr! I don't want to! I keep changing it but it goes back!
Nice one
good
Good
Hi
Facebook for android used to work perfectly fine on my Galaxy Tab 3, but now it keeps closing itself every time I touch to look at anything,  so frustrating. I uninstalled and reinstalled,  made no difference. I long ago uninstalled fb from my phone as it used too much space,   now it looks like I won't be using it at all if I can't ever see anything.
The app is good i dislike facebook.. so im not hating on the app developer.. facebook is taking over our lives its killing people hurting people... its sin.. facebook needs to go..
Cooool
mast chij hai bhai logo
For some reason after last update this app starts much slower than any fps game I have...
Hopefully giving a good rating will actuality get me into my FB account!!!!
Thanjs
Fu*king piece of sh!t - since the update it's synced all Facebook friends into my phone's contact list! How dare you???
Gul.raziqkhan
Sgrand loike....
Shows this error, installing on Sony Xperia E1, please improve
Iove
I like and love to facebook
KASHIF
It skips sometimes when I try and read my meaaages but other than that its awesome
Samsung s5
Tab 3 crashes whenever I try to navigate anywhere other than the news feed.  Works fine through the browser.  Update. Latest version will not install
Facebook is automatically syncing with my phone. How bout I automatically uninstall this app.
Too much personal information is needed......and its freezing up ....hate it........
Great application
fb
Social
Messages need to be one app
,what is with update every 20 mins.? With all the memory fb is eating up,soon I'll have 2 phones, my fb phone &usable phone!
All it doea is download facebook contact I do not want!!!!!!
It always tell me this,  facebook is becoming unresponsive,  want to close it?"  Please fix it...  And i'll give you  5 stars.
multi tasking issue. when bringing app from background, app starts from beginning
Love it
It's awesome I think this is a good source of getting child of friends and family
LIFE IS GOOD, ONE WAY ONE HEAR
Mine blinds
Cnt download
Photos and videos no longer play on my Samsung.
nice
very good
Bari
Almost daily updates and yet the app is still crap, news feed does not refresh properly and sometimes posts can't be deleted
Gucci
I can talk to my friends and family
nice
Crashes every 5 seconds in my galaxy tab 3.  Uninstalling. FB please fix
Its good
Fine
WHY do the contacts have to be synced? That is so frustrating.
A good app for chating
So good
Moderate
Your app sucks balls. You read people's personal texts!! So yeah your app blows. Plus you sync all contacts and that's annoying.

Love it easier makes connection with friends too and easier to use it too !!!
Best and best
It Is awful , dont let little children use this it teaches the children bad words and the see bad photos and some pages is liked and you  didn't  even press the like button and ofcourse the new updates are annoying the new updates makes the tablet laggjng and I and I am sure because when I downloaded the messenger is laggs alot but when I installed every thing is ok and my privacy , facebook reads it ,I mean it plays in your privacy settings
Very nice & meaning full
I look like a pig
Awesome
Messages require another app
My mom. 
Slow..!! Slow..!! Slow..!! Very hectic
Great!!!
You think, with all the money made off Facebook? You guys would pay someone to get it done and right! Can't logout since update. Everytime I update this app, always have to uninstall as well. Someone is bound to make a better social app real quick with all your screwing around on this!
No comment
It also updates the app about every third second without ever adding new features
Nice one
Newsfeed won't load on Samsung Galaxy Note 3
For whom felt trouble with sync contact, go to setting, other setting, sync contact, select sync with existing contact if you want to sync your contact with your facebook friend only ( no 2 option) or pick no 3 dont sync at all. Facebook, your app work fine connect me with my friend. Hope this tips help...
It's bad
Be careful
Love facebook 
I like dat
Waw
I hate that Facebook automatically updates whenever it wants to. It should give an option whether you want it updated or not and it makes my phone freeze. And it's slow be loading up the page.
I love you  aap
Way better
Great
Evrytime I leave Facebook, I discover that my contacts list has bn synced with my Facebook friends.  It's so annoying! I then have to go back and unsung but as soon as I leave ,same thing happens again! Pls do something about it!
Love it
Like it
Good way of talkn to people i havent seen in years
Mamun
Sony Ericsson Xperia play limited edition
Fb used to be good before the updation...it force closes in between..
I have been trying not to complain about the updates taking up a ton of space, I just had to uninstall and reinstall to fix that. But today's update crossed the line, it wanted to be over 70 mb, without it being on the card it wanted to be 103 mb. An app shouldn't have to be that big, whoever is working with fb app updates is a douchebag who needs to stop that bs already because its not needed when the app didn't need it. If its not broken don't try fixing or adding what it doesn't need! Stop it, please.
Good experience
I have tried uninstalling/reinstalling several times. I barely have any apps on tablet that is less than 6 months old. No problems with any other apps, but FB crashes constantly! It did'nt do so initially...started about 1 month ago and is so frustrating!
It doesn't want me to open my Facebook account by clicking on the Facebook icon on my phone
Downloads quickly too !!
Nice app
yes my dear
As in Pain In The A....  Like some of the other unhappy reviewers here, I don't want my contacts synced without my approval. Also, half the time when I try to share an item, it doesn't work.
It would be better if there would be an option to tag pages in status as well. Plus, there should be an option to choose to comment as an individual or page in page's status.
peter
A lot of troubles after last update. Dont like it at all
Very very good application
Facebook won't work right on my phone unless I download the application on my phone. Can you say mafia?
Ummmm... Goood
samrat siddique
Awsome
Now only says error loading news feed
Learn about life
Very
Gajju
Having lot of problems with the app on phone and my tablet sucks really really BAD!!!!!!!!
good workre
Ravy
Nice
Contact sync is a big problem
Carlosalexandre
I m using nt this app bt i want to make frends nd trying to share my views to another
Yesterday i had system upgrade since then nothing is updating then i decided to log out and log in to see if it will work now can't even log i tried deleting the whole Facebook app and reload but still nothing is working and everything on my phone is working except Facebook please help
It's really good
DEVO  KE DEV MAHADEV .......AUM  NAMAHA SHIVAYA ....
It
It's a Good media
I downgraded from 5 stars to 3 stars because my facebook is consistently 10 to 12 hours behind. Refreshing or restarting my phone does not help.
Great
Why can't I see my friends list any more?!

Doesn't work on Tab3. Won't load, app closes when looking at anything else than your timeline.
I love fb
Automatically syncs my contacts despite me continually going back to settings and clicking 'dont sync' and my inbox messages wont load! Very annoying. Never had a problem until now
Kinda cool
Good
Usefull
Still sucks! How'd fb average 4.0 stars we'll never know!?
Ok
Is now syncing  my contacts and it crashes A Lot.  Also I think it is crap that your can't read your mail without the stupid messenger app which I don't have room for.  Until those things are fixed its 1 star from me!
Good
Bangli Facebook Friend
Contacts are synced even when I choose don't sync.. and also sync all is selected if I choose sync with existing contacts..
Perfect
Facebook
Jal
Bad upgrade
Constant crashing and I have removed it and reinstalled it
I will NOT in any way update this app. I have had people tell me that it will sync contacts and if I have wanted to do that then I would do it MYSELF! I don't need all those people in my contacts! Facebook YOU better fix this soon before I even consider updating!
I love it now i can chat with my friends
The new facebook can not coppy the dialog.
Good
I'm using canvas 4 mobile phone and the videos on facebook does not play!! And the app forced closes!!And its really frustrating!! Please update it for my phone!!
Acha h...
Good
Download
78600
Eat to much internal storage. .please fix. . I will give you 5 star
This sucks. Every time I go to my contacts on my GS4 it has my Facebook contacts linked. I go unsync them and the next day it happens again. I have had to do this for the past week. Fix it.
I use FB constantly and have great appreciation for its tools
giving 4 stars for messenger and new look.
It's very very good app.
Fix this syncing issue asap.
Good book
This is a awesome Creativity
App
This new update won't take me to the relevant page after I click the link! I just keep getting "the internet has stopped working"  D:
Flopped update. Fix quickly please. Some good ideas, some rubbish (this syncing thing especially) and now a generally wonky App
Images are not loading while scrolling over news feed... I have a good speed for my WiFi and also I using 3g but after the previous update, I am facing trouble in loading images while scroll down. It takes more time to load.
Really. Really.  Annoying.
Moon
Facebook installed but login fails
Good.
I dnt thnk I need to say anythng it's obvious!!!
Keeps family and friends together socially.
Will not let me log in or out and keeps closing the app!
I love it:)
Low speed
like it
Rathis app
L
Not happy
Some things don't work like it transferring pictures from instagram. And when people post to my wall, those don't show up either. I always have to report problems.
Its k
I love my Facebook I can talk to all my love ones ..
ive tried severally installing this app..but it can launch..arrghh
the best talaga
Last update is too slow and it does not notificate to me when I have new notifications or something else, on the status bar

Repoting and then close
My one of the favorite appu
Speed needs
Ok
You guys need to fix this everytime I go on someone else's page or even try the app closes everytime makes me want to just stop uses it. So annoying!
Awesome
App freezes and causes my phone to power off without touching any buttons.
Good
Needs messenger to chat. :3
Facebook was fun at one point but here lately facebook has been having to many upgrades and I am not satisfied with the things they have done to it. I don't think people should have the option get something they don't want especially an app that requires more information from me and uses more data on my phone, not to happy about it.
This thing does not connect...on my s5 it worked way better b4 the update bt now...it,s chaos
Gooood
Always destroyed on my phone !
Loved it
Facebookmessenger
>:-(
This is the best Facebook of the world
Good
Good
Fantastic app
Not satisfied
Poor app
The best
Goooood
Lol
Lost my Facebook please help I have tried everything please help.
I don't even know why I try anymore. Facebook sucks and the app is stupid.
gud 1..bt vry much power consuming
It's okay

Good
Like others app it should be Video calling
Its very beautiful and very informative
I love you
Suuuuuuuuuuuper
Good
I love fb for my friends keep good working,thanks!:)
Sal763
Its said setting up facebook but its too long like 10 mins after that he said that u have low one space please delete some apps but i have 98mb free on my phone and on my sd card its 2.5gb
FBM is far better than this...this app always crashes and very slow..to all fb user try the FBM app. .
That about says it. App works fine on my phone, but crashes constantly on my galaxy tab 3.
good
It's good app only if it doesn't  make my phone hot and drain my battery
Fantastic app
Judane ka khubsurat madhyam hai.
lat
Nice
Siempre
like
Old version
Can I make a request? Please let the user.. allow to change the group page photo cover here in facebook applications.. I will give 5 stars.. if you do that.. thanks..
Super
not happy cos cant play scrabble since last fb update
Atttt
Pretty smooth and fast
Good
Easy to use
I'll be loving it if you will remove the messenger app!!
To slow
Excellent
Good
Lelllls
-_____-
It does not open it just stays in "setting up facebook"....I've been waiting for minutes but it still stays in "setting up facebook".
My connection speed is 2MB and all other applications like dailymotion are properly working.But the facebook aplication does not work properly. When i switch on hotspot sheild the facebook works properly.
Khan
Recently (maybe after the latest update) I got error loading new feed and all I can do is clear data and log in again. My network connection is fine. Other network app work normal. Please fix.
None
It keeps crashing when i use it.
It helps me a lot.
Fix after the last update the app doesn't run probably
It's a great comncti...
Everyday habit
Fantastic
K
This new update is silly. Please fix it. It keeps closing and my HTC tab hangs.
earlier i used the browser for fb but it used to take much time while processing but with this app fb has become easy
What is the point if the app just hangs and ties up my phone's memory to do nothing?! This didn't use to happen, something got screwed up in the recent updates.
manoj soni
I like it
Lovely app.
Plase
the same time as the first time.
Cudjer
Ok
How do i get FB to stop syncing everything even after i have everything turned off?
Got my name but want let me login
Love it when it works!
New
Its good.......
Great!
Good app... expecting advanced version in feature.
Pictures are not loading. Fix it!
I like this application so fast
Very good
Best app
Maharashtra
Soper
Love it
This software is not use with DOGEE DG5500 jelly been
Good
It
Eva thing good
This is always happening and to be honest I'm sick of it you people get paid to fix this. Why is no one ever fixing it I'm boycotting fb until this is fixed.
wasme
Fool
Why are you forcing me to look at posts from 2 weeks ago. Why do you need to reshuffle everything every month
Muy bueno,excelente,
Since update latest version, app too slow while refreshing in timeline.
Its really good
People search slow,also don't want to download messanger app stop bugging and forcing people
The only things thats missing from this app is the ability to search in groups. Add that feature and it would be perfect!
super like thumbs up
Boht vdia
Yeah!awesome.....
How did I live without it!
Gud...
Worth installing..
Educated
I mean its a good app but its soo slow hardly anything i go on loads in time and ends up going onto other parts when that i havent touched, but the messengers good
Nice
Love it
:-P
No
Amazing
Stupes..... Keeps saying not responding. Worst app update ever
Nic
Great!!"
Simply loving it
Love the app
I loved very much this app

The one thing that you can get the best of luck with your new email service, which I
Nice app....
Ok
it's been an amazing experience through this year's...I was able to find friends and keep in touch with them....ty FB
Nyc app
WHEN USING THIS APP. IT ALWAYS CRASHES DOWN
Veeeeeery GoooooD apps
Nice this WAP and simple prosses
Icn't text without messenger...
Its amazing
Better
Sucks
Thanks for your help
Works for 5 mins then tells me error loading feed then I have to close it and start again
Sooo slow.....horrible
A perfect app to connect with latest update works smooth
Very nice
Force close
Not working fast nowadays, guys need to be improved
On my phone, when I try to open, it just closes and I can't access since I updated.
I like fb.
Not working fast nowadays
Vn
best app for fb
My fb dont want to connect at all
Happiness
123
Prefer to have a exit confirmation button. There should be a dislike option as well.
Force close!
please fix it as soon as possible.
Ok, I just got my updates. Yes you have install messenger, but if you actually read the whole thing there's a spot that says NOT NOW on the syncing thing. So before ppl start bi&&& on these apps read the fine print. It clearly states you don't have too. You hit the not now thingy on your wittle fone and it doesn't sync ur wittle contacts.....lol.. but seriously just read.

Faster than in chrome
Not downloading
Sony xperia z1, please fix the search bar.
Work
Not bad for on a phone.                          UPDATE October 2014: actually, after the app updates and crappy changes, this app BLOWS.  I used to enjoy seeing activity but my news feed is days behind so I'm UNINSTALLING.  Facebook app is crap, which is unfortunate as apps can be easier to use on a smart phone.
Force stops just about everytime I launch. If I make it past launch, it crashes when I click on anything - pictures, comments, links etc. I'll just use through my browser until fixed, hopefully soon. Edited to lower my star review. Endless crashes - endless frustration.
Good
Can't even read message without your annoying messenger and sync to phone contact, WORST. SYNC. EVER!!!
Love this because i dont have to go to my computer anymore
Every times stopped and not responding fix it or install it i hated your app.
I can not login. Ssl handshake timeout error ? Can not access the help site either. Have reinstalled, cleared data and anything else i could think of. This is ridiculous, was working fine yesterday, today nothing. Please advise !!!!!!!!!
Best
New update just synced all my contacts!!!!! I DO NOT WANT THIS. Now I have to waste my time removing all if them. Leave it alone and stop.
Facebook is king..
Nice app for socializing
All good
Good
Nice I like this
Return to the older version i cant read my messages why do i have to install another app the messenger one for reading and replying to my msgs i like the old one more i hate this... Please fix this
The size pls
Msf
Jithender 56@gmailcom
I love Facebook.
Many of Facebook's OAuth requests require the app, for causes unknown. Yay privacy.
With every update you are making it the most worst app ever .Keep it and make most most worst app.
update it
Good apps
Previous update broke video playback. Hopefully, this update fixes them

The new update is slow. It's not updating my news feed and pictures aren't showing.
Enable messaging in this app again
Love you
EXCELLENT .
Can contact my friends without having to use data on my phone
Loved it
Khuntia
APDATE
Since the last update facebook and messenger are crapping out on me... both running very slowly and crashing a lot.
Ianya dapat dibuka tidak mengira masa...
Takes lot f mb
Its great
Good
Faster
It very quick and just loved it.
Samsung Galaxy S2
Its ok 4 stuff
I don't agree to your permissions
It keeps crashing on my Samsung tablet ever since the update!!
Nice app
Sangat laju
sync contact!
Amazing
Deleting till you can put messages back on and get rid of this syncing contacts bullshit.
Defined my imagination
Please add an option for copying status text
Many Thanks.
Unable to install because it's consuming more space
Since the last update fb and messenger keep crashing.  I've rebooted and not better.  Very frustrating!
If you want more stars please remove the messenger icon since it is a separate app now.
I don't know what you did but this app deserves minus 100 stars. Fix it!!
Its good but please include custom settings in mobile phone. Please do that. I'll give it five stars if you do that.
OK great...
Everytime i go on facebook and try to look at something it kicks me off very agravating...
Every time i touch screen it bumps me right off samsung tablet, can no longer us it, very frustrating
I don't understand why I'm forcing to syc my contact .. where's the privacy ?? .. it's very annoying situation .. you lost more with this step
Nice
I loving
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GARBAGE
Nice apps
Get to interact with customers during live events. The post are there for all to get involved.
The app is very first
When I stop in my news feed to read something and attempt to continue going down my feed the app would delay the movement for a certain amount of time. Reason I took 1 star away. Everything else is flawless.
Helps to get in with friends n learn about things around
Facebook is veri fani
Facebook is good mediator to communicate our old friends
Giod
The apps fb(process com. Fb. Katana) has stopped unexpectedly. Plus try again.  Force close... never mind
I love this app
Now a days only whatsapp is great
Has Snapdragon 600 with 2gigs of ram, scroll and animations still lagg.

67674978
There are still many bugs when uploading photos. Add features like copy paste and move app to sd card
I always liked Facebook and didn't think bad of it until the update where you are forcing me to install messenger to see my inbox! I don't have space to keep installing extra apps that aren't necessary! It was better the way it was before that silly update. I would rate more if i could see my inbox. I don't have time to go to the official website browser to look at a message or two and i have no idea if it's important or not, family related or not. Even the most revent update won't allow it.
I don't have Facebook Messenger installed because I don't want to chat on my Android. I don't want people to think I'm permanently on facebook because my phone is on. This is now RUBBISH. This application now sends me notifications whenever I get messages and the notification options for messages are either "on", "off for 1 hour", or "off until 08:00". That's useless.  I'm uninstalling.
So very nice
Why Log Out Cannot Fixing Fool
Good..
It was freezing
Great !
Good, but not so bad
Facebook
It is best
It's awesome nd crazy
I didn't give the app permission to sync contacts when it updated....thanks Facebook for making my contact list annoying.
Please repair it always restart
i would love it,  if i didn't think i was under a microscope
Wtf is happening? I can't log in into my account. MY GOSH! I still have to ask questions -_- PLS FIX THIS AS FAST AS POSSIBLE
Now i can't post
Can't upload my status or any pic
Memory eater, and my notifications doesn't show right away! I need to scroll down through my posts to see if someone liked or commented. Tss, no need of more babbling, just FIX THIS.
good
The app doesnt work on my tablet, everytime i open it within seconds it just closes everytime. Why??????????
I like face book Vvery mmmmuchhhhhhhh
the worst
Good
Very good android mobile lg-500 simple touch & nice facebook apps
More than nice
her
Good very good
I love it
Cooooooolllllll
I cannot view my profile because when I try to it crashes or just the news feed it continued to crash
Kachhola
Crashing a lot
I hate hate hate this latest update. I do not not want Facebook messenger. So I guess I will not be getting any messages. I hate the fact that it sync all my contacts, I don't want that either. Why must y'all ruin a great thing with these updates. Please change these two things and I would give a 5 star and be satisfied.
AWESOME BUT ¡­ ¡­ ITS SO LAG !! -_-
whts up
Osemmmmmmm
Great app
yes
I like it

It doesn't work properly , i've sent many,many reports...and nothing ! Update !!!
This app makeit friends
Star
Ok
Since the last update I can not log in most of the time. When I can nothing loads.
Lol
Constantly kicks me off...uninstalling FB
Gud one
A little slow
Make the messaging app an OPTION!!! I don't use the messaging feature enough to waste 14MB of phone space on an app I'll rarely use. Now I have to logon to my desktop on the rare times I do need to use the feature! Maybe some who do use the feature often don't care if it slows everything down. Either way, IT SHOULD BE OUR CHOICE!!!!
I hated it so much I had to Un install it. I've had Facebook for years and never minded it until they decided to start taking over. FIRST, your forced to download messenger, which I dealed with...AND THEN, they start syncing contacts automatically.  I have tried to change it back four or five times but it keeps on. I DO NOT WANT MY NUMBER IN PEOPLES CONTACTS. that's dangerous.  Not only that, I do not want all those contacts in my phone when I don't even talk to half of my friends. Deleted it. Hate It
Hoping this upgrade means the fb app wont keep crashing. 5 times in 6 minutes.
Awesome
Ok
Awesome!!!!!!!!
Miss
I like it. Even more now.
i hate the new updated , you need to wait on start up , please fix it
Still have problems but better than before...I can actually post things now.
I like it
When I click on a link in a status update, Chrome opens but instead of opening a tab or loading the page on the current one, it closes the tab instead. WTF?
Love it
Naidu
iys gud!!!! 2 b in contact wid frnds and very fast 2
Need a tablet version
I love that I can keep in touch with family far away, but it syncs my contacts and erases ones that aren't a party of Facebook. Very annoying.
Ok

Facebook is connected old  fronds new frnds
bhagvat birajdar
Love facebook from past 5 years ;)
Awesome
My contacts are messed up..wrong person with wrong number and it won't let me correct it. People I don't want are now in my contacts. Messenger keeps freezing...really frustrated!
From Uwenujie Irrua Edo state Nigeria
So advanced and fast uploads.It is worth it
Application size,data size and cache size...too much large..plz reduce n i will rate 5 stars...
Love it
bad
I DON'T WANT TO SYNC ALL MY CONTACTS. IT'S VERY ANNOYING. FIX THEN FIVE STARS.
Love
Matara
Hay
Superb
I love to look at stuff and comment on people pics
Solo smooth
Nice
Ozome
good
love it
Since the update, which does itself automatically on my phone, the application does not even open. It keeps loading and lags immensely. Please fix this fast
Sooooo slow on 512mb
Fantastic......!!!!
U
Helps you keep more in touch and up to date with family, friends & loved ones..Also helps you find ole friends that you mite have lost touch with..
It doesn't load all the pictures. Lots of updates with no meaning. A very bad app.
Student
I love it
its nice
My chat foever
nice
Loved it...

Nice app
okzzz

Now I can socialise and talk to friends so easily.
Whenever i click a link directed to crome..fb keeps closing
Rachal Rain
Its good
I love it 
Sort the most recent option out
Sharing pics and texting friends
Latest Facebook update crashes all the time. Now I can't even use it. I open it and it crashes.
Good
I really really love this app no matter what happen... Like like like this app...
Nothings working, cant even post a status!!! Fix it or close down!!!!
Very best app
Nice App. Has Improved Much Now.
Love fb
loving facebook
I dont know what's wrong it always say isn't responding, i try to restore my phone many times but still, it says isn't responding and always stop
It
I love it
Syncing my contacts automaticaly, not letting me read private mail without your bullshit messenger app that IS NOT necessary. Get it together Facebook you keep this up and you'll go the way of Bebo and myspace
Hate it,cant log out
The best thing is that we can interact anytime anywhere with our friends...!!!

Good stuff.
Excellent
Opt out !
Thanks for fixing the sync problem!!!
Who  knows jams bond
With an earlier version of this application, when you decline a Fb event it would also erase from the phone calendar, it does it no more. Pls fix.
i gave 5 star
And keep connected no matter the boundaries!
for an older version
Nece
Very much
It automatically crushes itself!
It is an nice app
Seems like I'm going back and forth on the same updates. Both bad updates. Would love for my news feed to be chronologically
I like facebook
Very slow. Especially, when loading feed or messages.
Vich
Good
Ok
Its still slow and it was a lot better when we could message people on the Facebook app. With all the updates it is still slow! I want the old Facebook back!
Wonderful
Right wow
FAST
I like facebook app.
This app constantly syncs with my phone n its completely annoying....Get this fixed asap
Good
I love this app
Very nice
Newest update has completely messed up the app for me. It no longer loads correctly and displays right. Complete disappointment...
It's a wonderful way to keep in touch with family and friends
Y
Touch to everybody
I love this app
Too slow... lags a lot .. still need improvement
It has just update and when i click on the programme it doesn't open i hate It so much now i have something important to do and It doesn't open wtf
Top social network
good signal facebook good communication thanks facebook
This apps is not perfecte
But the worst thing I didn't like is you have to download the FB messager in mandatory
Because of lag and you need to install the facebook messenger to chat to your friends. It sucks. >_<
Good app
Like facebook...thanks 4 this app..
3 rates
Facebook can't connect to network. Downgraded.
Nasveerkhan
Kilpmix
Since new update my fb contacts keep getting synced into my phone book even though I have turned it off in my setting's!  Needs sorting! !
Very good
I FB a lot love the up date. And how. Easy. It is to navigate. And i get to keep intouch with friends and family and have made new friends as well Thank You Face Book..
son
Takes a very long time to open since the update begins! Thats why i rate it 1 star!
Ok
Still cannot plays the video. I've been given you the feedback but nothing happens. It suck!
Becase it is nice
userfriendly
Syncs contacts without my authorization.
New update version is nice 1....
Can you tell me where are the version?
fu$% men
Marvelous
ZERO STAR
Best App
Well developed app
Crashes every second cant read comments view profile
They up date it when it worked fine now it closes every time i click on any thing i give 5 stars to it now being useless nice update could you un update so it works.
Utan khasss nai hai
Extra cool
Nyc
We can't message through this app anymore and now it got more annoying that it synched my contacts.. I'm done with this application its permanently being deleted
Good app work fine on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
Ok
Samsung Galaxy S4
Yea!
Very good
Really awesome
Alice Reiners
Very good site
Mow
Nice....
Love you facebook... I love the new option of using sticker in comment .....soooooooooo interesting thanks 
It's very slow on my Gal¨¤xy S4.....make it more faster. And, also the photo uploader is too irriting, it almost suddenly stops while uploading.
We should like but at times its nagging
Evry five minutes fb app crashed
Its awesome. Exept when Facebook ask too install Facebook messanger. I dont like messanger please doo something.
iÁ¢¿Ìit
Antap
Nice, Love it..
I love fb .....fb jxt 143
The best
Good
The latest update (version 19.0.0.24.14) keeps on crashing
I like it
Neha tiwari
I think Facebook is so help full for friends
A magic globe
Why should I get messenger without any interest in it . why are you people forcing for download of messenger .this is the only reason for me to give 4 star otherwise it is the 5star app
Activity log doesn't load most of the time and when it does I can't click on anything.
I can watch videos now but they stop 4seconds before the video end, still questionable. Plus tired of old feeds. I have a refresh for every 30min. But still the old stuff is still in with the new feeds. Sometimes scattered among the new feeds.
Best
Why auto sync? -.- remove it
Wild Words from Wild Woman
Oh yeah
Love it . Can make friends all over the world
V
It keeps kicking me out and saying Facebook not responding. It took forever to first load. Please fix the bugs.
Nice aap facebook
Loved it
Not nice
Sometimes the app works, sometimes it doesn't. It is like it changes it's mind on whether it feels like working
for for your fault I lost everything
Good. Fast. And really like it
E
Good
Sucks
Can't open app on S4 mini since update today, pls fix
Easy handling
Better than whatsapp and other social media software

Too much ram and memory. I wish it can be on my SD card. Then I will give it 5 stars and reinstall it. Make it able to be put on SD card plz
Lovu fasebook
ilike it
Why I can't download the videos like the pic....plz check it
Kamaljit Singh
Mbezi dar es salam
Power
New Facebook update freezing phone.  Have to post to another app because New Update just keeps freezing to where have to pull out battery.
I like it but there is way to much drama on there for me.....
Gud
OSM.....
Very completed
Dhansingh
Meh
Nice app, keeping me in touch with my love ones.
I do not get this whole new facebook on my android. Every time i try to open it, it always says: "setting up facebook", "just a moment", and then closed by itself. Helloooo?? Now I will uninstall it. Why not? Because it's useless!
Recommended
This version update is very very difficult to loading. It's very hard and slow to load fb after Login. And notif from android: "Facebook isn't responding!". Please fix it.
We Can't share messages / texts from Facebook to whats app. Even we can't copy any text from FB.. U should update this.....
4 stars are for the further support of the development. It's still laggy on some areas, crashes sometimes on my One.
Nice
Love it...
This is one of the fantastic app
It's a great app period.
Rj
The app was good before the last two updates, but now the app force-closes every time when I either open the notifications tab, or when scrolling down or making a selection in the notifications tab. I will change the rating when this has been fixed. Facebook profits too much from mining our personal data for them to provide unstable updates like this! - Samsung Galaxy S3, Android version 4.3
Rajaram padalakar
easy to use when im uploading my photos
Because it's Hackt -.- (Cubot One)
I hate the contacts sync!
I like it
But it can be betrer,I don't spend much time on it cause it keeps liking pages by it self 
Can't upload image
I can share photos with my friends and family
Any chance fb could stop being my primary battery draining app. Seriously? Everytime I get an update fb kills my battery life.
Third class
I love shania
Keep closing up every time for no reason i have a Samsung tablet
loved it
Super
Luck
Wow
Chamu
Good
Improve it
Very nice.
Synced all my contacts but if you go on fb settings, you can opt to remove all fb data from contacts.
Very good
These constant updates do not seem to make any difference to the app, now I wake up to find my phone had been restarted without any warning. NOT HAPPY, this is why I prefer Google+.
wow. lol. even the 1 star description is "Hated it".. I'd probably not even give it 1 star. I've been real happy with Facebook but recently Messenger required and now it's syncing whenever it wants?!!!! f*** that
Love it
Do something to view comment replies and all
Kasim
Great
Nice entertainment
All the usual people criticise as they are stuck in the past and don't like change but this is a very good social media app that keeps on improving and keeps you more importantly in touch with friends and family far away in the simplest way. Also a lot better filter system nowadays.
Love this app  but some time hate also
Nyc
Fed up...y i always have to download messenger to check my inbox....y there is no other option...pls fix it
But
Very very good
Great apps needed every other day for my new and old friends amazing..
Suck FACEBOOK..just wait a moment and then say stop unexpectedly..HATE IT SUPER
Always force close
L
Good
It's a good thing
Add The Download Photo Option.. And Enable Copy & Paste Options On The Wall Page .. It Would Be More Helpful .. Please Guys .. :p
Might be a quick uninstall but stop sync ppl contact!!!" The prosecution argued. "Your honour theses people are using smart phones"
Cool. App For Social Networking Espascially Mark Zugburk
Always kicking me off! Won't let me post anything or comment. Can't even report a problem, very frustrating
Like
Since the last update keeps crashing, and seeing posts from 2 days ago, ive stopped using this app because it is unbelievably frustrating please fix this problem
Come on fb if you really wanted to represent the company with this interface to android's millions of users, this shoddy app will not do you any favours...videos have streaming errors, constant force close dialog boxes. Much prefer to use HTC's stock app since it is stable.
Pending posts don't load, photos don't load, if I had known how pointless this update was, I wouldn't have bothered.
Loading slowly !!!!
Think that this is really good. Chat away to your friends and family xx
Facebook
It takes opp too much hard disk memory i mean you could have at least let me move it to my SD card
I really enjoying this app.
.....take too much time while loading images.....
Good but lots of update
I like so much so easy app..
This app is good. But synced all my contact automatically on my phone.
ashu
Gajendra
Otomaticly sync all my fb contact. ..I don't like  it...
wat the hell is wrong with facebook? it keeps on crashing . please fix! so i can give 5 stars.
joining fb is a good way to meet new friends from all over the world.
Can't watch videos, the more updates the worse/slower it gets.. Ever since forced to use messenger.. It's the worst its been.. Sort it out please, or I'll be leaving
Niyey Pi Tha Leng Nus leng Ma Ngai Ma Ngai Rok Ta pel C Bay Khmean Hahahaha......sabay leng pek xD
Its aight
FIXED THISSSS!
good
Linda Santo s
Only two stars cause they messed up the whole messanger, it's my private stuff, people don't need to see that
786786
Postdata
Not easy to find freind
It is easy to control
My fb is a my personality mirror.
keepin me clos to my famil n fren n luv da suggestion .juz  join it abt 4monthz ago n luv it
Try n feel it
On facebook I've fairly few 'friends' and those friends don't post a lot, gives Facebook the chance to fill my feed with far far too many adverts, obvious ones and thinly veiled ones... A bore. Although its good messenger is a different app, that works without Facebook installed on my phone. Facebook is best for keeping half in contact with passing people (or at least keeping the opportunity to) not any entertainment value anymore.
I can now no longer log onto my app thanks to the latest update. It constantly says setting up.....
Love it
Latest update crashes everytime I click on a comment or a video starts to play. Increased reliability my foot!
Good job.!!!
Super
Im not happy because im update my fb is not come to update why?
more customisability with what is classified as important enough for a notification please
Ammu
alm
Thanks to this latest update the app won't even load. Great improvement.
Facebook app not support massage please help me any man
Fb best the best
Asees mass
Nice application
Simply super
app not working
This app amazing :)
Best social app
Crashes a lot ,  sometimes Slow ...
To slow makes me crazy
Please improve it not to over consume battery and over heat my s4
Baik
I have been trying to download the app but everytime i try to it says "Unknown error code during application install -24" So why wont it download?
Don't show any of my messages! :/
Good friends
Constant updates, unwanted synching of contacts, Forced use of the Unimproved Messenger, crashes and everything but the kitchen sink is wrong with Facebook now... quit trying to fix something we were happy with, and Go back to the original message system.
Very bad
I am seriously tired of Facebook shutting down in the middle of what I'm doing. If I could give it zero stars I would. It seems like every 5 minutes I have to restart Facebook. Fix it please
So, you take messaging out of the Facebook app to force people to use a separate app (Messenger). I caved. I tried Messenger. I didn't like it. I got TWO notifications for every Facebook message I received: one from Messenger and one from Facebook. I uninstalled it. Facebook, of course, still sends a notification of a message I CAN'T EVEN RESPOND TO. And there's no way to turn it off.  I'm almost done with you, Facebook. I think I'll just start calling my friends and family when I want them to know what's going on in my life.
Very good........
Do not want my friends contract. Stop syncing!!!!
I  love it
This New update...it automatically syncs everyone in your Facebook to your contact list!!! It Really needs to be fix immediately!!! I am NOT HAPPY!!!
Very well
Esta bien
app! Crazy permissions! Any more  and I'm out! They will also delete your post with no explanation or warning. Facebook's driving its own agenda
Cool
Agus setyawan
Loved
Seriously, this update is giving me trouble
For some reason I can't see pictures or video on my news feed.
Still waiting on that tablet version though. Facebook.
I like it
Speed still slow for me
Images are loading VERY slow with the new update.
I like it I love it so nice
Great
Hate that I'm forced to get a messenger app
Really hate the space it takes up and the separate app for messenger which I refuse to install.
Great
Using Facebook through any web browser is better than this faulty app that crashes daily. It's buggy, glitchy, and rarely functions smoothly or properly. I don't advise using this is you are tech-savvy. It will not live up to your expectations,  ever.
Cover pix doesn't  show up on timeline.
Storage low messages even when nothing is downloaded.Slow
I like  dis apps very mch
Love it
I lik
like it very much but not so easy t learn to do the things othercpeople do on it
Always share friends
This update suck WTF
Need speedly response....
The new upate fixed the issues
Auto synced with update. F*#k facebook
It says log in failed every single time i try logging in and it automatically synced my contacts which i never wanted done. Fix it and maybe i will redownload it
I like Facebook
Good
I like this appp
This fb site is best for me....
Hadassah
Freezes every time I open it. Awful app
application which i love...to seeking people who i'm not know....
Some options didn't wrk......
Great app i recommend this to everyone
It keeps adding contacts to my phone and I keep taking them off and it keeps adding them back.
The app is very hang
Berry good
Love it
Bhanu
Shuts down. Since samsung did their latest update, my fb shutsdown anytime i click on a picture, friends page, and now just scrolling.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times, dkesnt work. Please fix
Hate how it randomly brings me to top of news feed and want to be able to select most recent or top stories
It is beautiful app
I love this social media more than the other
I love that song .
You know thats
I do not appriciate facebook to sync the contracts from my phone. This app is terrible.
Love it
no word to say
Good
Great way to get in touch with old friends and family
Great
Jhakas
This new update _ which happened automatically. ... Synced all my fb contacts.... i Do NOT  sync A NYR ING on my phone with fb..... ...... I am NOT happy .
Asus

Hate this app. Its beyond intrusive in life. It also hogs room on my phone. Program needs to be made smaller.
After the new update it totally sucks.Posts are shown incomplete.Images are not loaded.
hae
I hate facebook
Even after the new update, it keeps crashing for no reason. Please fix....
This app it's very bad on samsung phone ( anyway thank you for this app )
Nice app
Hahaha
Way better than the previous version.. keep up the good work folks!
I so hate it.. ive installed it for the fifth time and its always force closing!!!!!!!
I can upload it i dont know why?
I hate how every time I log In have to sync my contacts
Keeps reverting to sync with contacts. I don't want my facebook friends in my contacts
Yz yammy
I liked
Awesome
Fun
My Facebook keeps crashing after the very last update that I installed. Even if I just click on it, it crashes. I can't even be on my news feed for longer than 5 secs before it crashes. Please make a better update before I uninstal it.
Love
I like fb because I know News and chat friends. 
Works perfect i never have an issue except the messenger
Sometimes it forces itself to update while I'm reading posts, when there's new ones.
Iikeeeee.....
Great
Tired of constantly turning off the sync settings!!!  Not to mention giving up my right to privacy!  Deleting FB altogether. We need to show them "We the people " have had enough of everyone spying on us!  Don't tread on me!
Did they remove the "Recent Activity" section for friends pages, or "Recently Added Friends" ??  Can't find that info anywhere anymore, or even Pokes... Why!? Very disappointing... :-/
Have been waiting a week for  app to reload. Enjoyed it  when was able to use and am REALLY new at all this. So it really sucks.I am still waiting for it and waiting!!!!!
Getting there
I cant open my fb...always not responding
Dear Facebook team.. You are urged to resolve the issues pertaining to android supportability. What's the use of calling yourself world's best social networking site when you can't even initiate actions so that the customers are not facing trouble.In this modern era it's damn important to keep connect with all but thanks to you we are not capable of doing it.Moreover it's been days people are telling you of there problems but you still seem so indifferent.!!We dint expect this of you Marks Zuckerberg team!!
Very dissapointed after the last two updates. It's very slow, and takes forever to load. Lags way to much, i have a lg optimus extreme. Older version. Please fix.
Pleasing app
The app constantly freezes to the point I have to turn my phone off then back on to have to use it!
Love this app lol
cool
This is absolutely ridiculous! Facebook is supposed to be a way to connect with friends and see what they're up to. First you force us to download messenger ( which doesn't work that well either) or don't get our messages and now the app on my phone is so slow and half the time I try to open it it says its not responding its absolutely ridiculous. Please fix this mess!
Love Facebook, had it since 2002 and im sticking with it... so many social site come and gone but FB keeps on improving.
Worst abt d update...!!!
Excessive permissions requiree. Lots of background forced closures. If there's a day I can go without a forced close, I haven't seen it.
Like him
Great app
No matter how many times I select "most recent" news feeds. It goes back to way Facebook wants it.
Facebook is a good, stupid tool...
This app is terrible...the screen keeps closing on me everytime I use it. I've lost count of all the times I've uninstalled and reinstalled it
Facebook is ok
Sanu
Always
In profile i want you to add more have option like tobe friend brother sister mother parent girlfriend thank
Stop syncing my facebook contacts with my phone contacts. I have had to change change my settings once a week to not sync contacts. This has happened now atleast 5 times.
Its amazing
Every time I open an apps need to pay what's wrong with this Facebook now it makes me crazy
Galaxy s4
Takes more time in loading photos even over wifi
its just the way my life goes seems like they all beside you
About ready to delete this app and switch to twitter!!! Everytime  im in this app it crashes on me i can't watch videos, view comments nothing it just keeps crashing, i have tried uninstalling and reinstalling, turning my device off and then on again and still out doesn't work properly... PLEASE FIX BUGS!!!
Fix the sync contacts after I disable it and remove it and Launch Facebook again it sync the contacts again
Keeps closing when i go to click on a page, a comment, mybown stuff....doesnt matter all i can do is scroll & sometimes like things!!!!! SINCE LAST UPDATE I EVEN UNINSTALLED & REINSTALLED & NOW DID A FAC RESET!!!! FOR NOTHING!!!! CUZ ITS STILL DOING IT!!!!! MY TAB WORKS GREAT FOR EVERY OTHER APP GAME ECT, JUST NOT FACEBOOK!  FIX THIS! !!
This is very bad for android mobile.I don't need the fb messenger with Fb application. Every time they are give information move in messenger .
Like facebook
Nice
Good job
Its a best app of fb.
When I first downloaded Facebook to my phone I loved it, until the new update started. Now I can't even open the app, it just sits there and buffers. I'm very upset, because now I have to use my browser!!!!! Please just put it back like it was!!
Hey this app stinks!. It always hangs then the screens turns black and then the fb disappear........ Worse app ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. It always happen, making me angry! -_-. If your not gonna fix this! I will say to the whole world that this app is horrible! Understand?. FIX THIS PLEASE                                                                                          -Fb user
The app keep putting everyone of my friends on Facebook in my contacts.  I change it so it's not sapos to and 30 mins later it does it again. Please fix this.
Can't do the same stuff I can do on my computer. I hate that my contacts are synced to my phone.
It is constantly crashing since the system update for Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
Bad service now
Auto force close
Love it!
Not the fact that any update messed it up, just facebook is really annoying lol
Now to the real issue. Ebola is spreading rapidly...if you think its a conspiracy... This was helpful
Good application
I wish you guy's would make facebook better and fix the problem!
Ok
Like
This is Awesome apps
I don't kno what happened but it keeps crashing.. I have never had this problem before this update sucks
ABHAYRAJ
Keeps On Syncing Contacts I Never Asked For.
Force closes and runs very slow it doesn't hardly load up new posts it seriously needs to b fixed
Before I enjoy fb, but after I update it, keeps logging, can't even do fb for a minute, I update it again, still the same, turns black screen!
slowwwww
Dumb dumb dumb stop syncing everything wtf deleting app
Stop syncing my contacts.  I shouldn't not have to go turn the setting off more than 5 times a day. Huge issue!!!
Love it
Muhammad
User friendly....
A good way to communicate
Have to go to settings evertime and set to sort feed chronologically. Is there not a way to set it to do it evrytime its opened? Samsung galaxy s3
Why do I need two applications to access one website? I should be able to do it all in one if I so choose. Facebook used to have it all in one, so why did they change that?
Memmedova
Naohj
Sync make my phone hang!!!!!!
I don't want everybody on my Facebook in my Contacts. That should be an option...... bull crap.
This app
Ahem, why is it everyone profile pics and pics are gone? I cant see anything just generic silhouettes.
Doesnt work....when I get on the app and type some of my words come up missing....wth.....fix it please
Dont respond. Delete my post. Cut me short. You will receive no feed back on your errors from me. Good day. Facebook DELETE
F...d 11
Very fast open the facebook
Please let someone else try their hand at making this app better. Why can't we just view most recent instead of something from 2 days ago?
Like
I like this app but it doesn't have that feature where you reply to someone's comment...please add this feature and I'll give it 5 stars
WASTE IF TIME
Keeps crashing even after I close out of all my apps and restart my phone.
I am having the hardest time with the app staying online. Every app I have in this device (Galaxy Note 8.0) works fine, no connection problems. My wife's FB works fine (Galaxy Tab 10.1) However, I cannot post comments quickly, refresh any page quickly, sometimes if I navigate away from a post I commented on, I'll come back and the comment never posted. I'm hoping it's an app problem and not my hardware.  Please reply. UPDATE: Still doesn't work, still no reply. Surprise. <---sarcasm
:)
Hangs on blue screen during launch. Back to mobile browser. Pathetic app devs
Best...
Sync is sly.
Check all of the resources this beast of an app makes you allow before installing.
K
#TotalyLoveToFacebook
Why do all my facebook contacts have to sync to my phone contacts? I don't want them on their because I don't talk to half of them! Its so annoying. Fix it and then I'll give a better rating.
The shiznit kid
Very good
Useful
Nice
LadyOf BlazingFire
Amar pur
Nice
OK much better
Now that's impressive
How do I get back on Facebook.
Ok
From the previous update....i'm unable to logout...pls fix it...
Not good app
I wouldn't mind the separate use of the messenger app if this app didn't alert me that I had a message. It's annoying and won't let me get rid of the notification unless I install messenger and acknowledge the message. Bad form.

Keeps syncing contacts even when I press don't sync.
Takes up to much room in much memory and makes my phone slow it's the only way I can keep up with my nieces and nephews please fix How much space it takes up
I like it cuz I can keep in contact with my family
Love it
Works fine on my Galaxy S3, but constantly force closes on my Galaxy Tab 3 10.1".
I don't want my contacts synced to my phone. I have to constantly go back and change it. Ugh
Nice app...but it uses too much data :/
Good
2Apps for one facebook not good.
Good
Keeps kicking me out of it on my tablet really making me angry
GOOD!but alway eror
Can't get it to log off !!  Get something done !!
good
Love it!!!!
Alot better before the app for messaging.  Now, just a real inconveinence
It's very nice
OTF Diego
Thanks! I read first your comments. I didn't upgrade.
Stop syncing my contacts and my fb!!!!
Every time I open Facebook it just non stop freezes  and stops responding
Simply awesome
Wwhy always updating
Ok
Fu
Easy to connect with the your people around the globe .Quick and reliable.
ASHOK
Kk
This app crashes contantly in the samsung galaxy s3. Used to work ok but each new update is less reliable. Facebook: publish the code so we can fix it!!
Am always being hacked and I can't see my messages unless I download messager app
Beast
Thanks really good
Crashes several times on recent version.
Connected pple
Good network
Kim bago
Thank
I like it..vry useful app.so plz dwnload it...
10 or so seconds after i open the app on my samsung tablet it closes. I have been through 5+ upgrades. Please fix this.
Great and good
gooooooooood
doing good work
Deleted app off phone because of syncing issue. I should be able to control who's pic I want displayed on my contacts.. very very frustrated. Fix this problem and I will reinstall with more than 1 star. Giving that only because I cant make it any less.
Ebrhaim
I dont want it synced to phone. Im about to delete it all together because of this.
Love it!!!
That is so gay
It doesn't let me log in for several attempts. Than doesn't load my newsfeed. I have uninstalled and redownload, restart my phone and still doesn't fix the problem. For Facebook to work I have to use my browser. Getting to the point I'm gonna do away with Facebook. Been going on for 2 weeks now
No more messaging
Easy access
I updated since my news feed was showing old posts only and after it now says" no posts to show". Wtf?! Tried everything and still not working!!! Please fix!!!!
Update...???make my fb so worst......!!!!!
Its OK when it works
barely updates, UI is clunky, very intrusive too.  Other than crashing frequently....oh yea, best thing since the advent of the colostomy bag....
Lurve it
I don't want my facebook friends sync to my contacts!
I like it and I never had any problems with it. It's cool to have and cool to keep in touch with friends n family.
Harvinder mankkar like it
Awesome
When i want to type a comment the app crash..... fb getting worsed every day...
I love facebook
I am getting stats from 2 & 3 days ago!  I have to keep going in and clicking on "most recent" tab before it will give me the latest posts.
This app is essential for facebook users but it charged more data
Hate to keep updating these app.
Needs to a a option when uploading pictures to look in different folders instead of listing everything as camera roll
Get Rid of the Facebook Messenger!!! We Should Have a Choice!!!!
ok for me
So bad , so slow , so dumb update 0 star
Not working
Crashes snd i have to keep starting over to get back in!
Slow, randomly damaged, bugs bugs bugs.. Demn
Good
l
My news feed shows "no post to show" wtf.....fixed the problem.......more updating more issues
I have no newsfeed after the update today!
It is almazing i can text my friends when ever and watch funny and sad v¨ªdeos
Somebady here is cool
Why do we always need messenger to chat with our friends???
Hey greatest app ever!! Oh yea because I don't have Facebook. Try deleting yalls account and then see how the app works!
Facebook
If sync with existing did what it claims to do I'd be okay, but it just syncs all... Which is not okay. Please fix and I'll happily change this rating.
I need help
New way to chat with friends
Nice
Hate that my contacts synched to my phone. I have never had my contacts from Facebook synched on purpose. Who wants to see these pictures? Time to uninstall..
Loved it
Nice Apps
Very good if have a facebook because you can communicate to other country with your family or relatives.
Very very nice app.i love it very much.
It it id a brilliant app
Nice to see you there.
Prakash arer
Really it's an awesome app as I didn't use  me laptop again
It some time stop working
Difficult, often impossible to log onto.
Lol
Great app!Great way to connect with friends & family
Facebook bukan untuk Mencari musuh  ....e
There must be copy paste feature and option to view most recent updates
Sucks...
App itself is OK, but is way over zealous on the permissions it wants and what it wants to do. I can't imagine running this app without privacy guard blocking it from doing most stupid things.
Amazing
Awesome
The app closes out by it's self constantly...extremely frustrating!!
Nothing to say
Glitchy and scrolls to the top while I'm reading a status. Also, my status is NEVER seen.
Better
Very nice
I hate that my indox is a whole diff app.
Kept crashing
works fast
K
keeps on crashing on my NOTE 2.
I like fb :)
Sigue igual de lenta es horrible mejoren el rendimiento
Its so nice to use this uplication
It has been automatically syncing my contacts even though I have been disabling it.
News feed keeps repeating all the time...!!
Plz fix theres sOmething wrOng,,,
it's like .. urgggg. i hate this .. it stopped suddenly whenever i opened.
U
This is good but not yet better useful .
Great
You jerks at Facebook stop syncing our contacts behind our backs it's wrongful data mining! Knock it off!
Hope there was six stars
I don't like the contacts syncing! Please fix it!
Leki
It won't update unless I'm using WiFi.... Never had the problem before its getting ridiculous
Much much
Ever since the update, it keeps telling me to reload the newsfeed. It's slow loading as well. It never used to be like this. Please fix this issue.
I have been using this app for a long time with few problems but recently when i get on it kicks me off and freezes. I can't use it. I uninstalled it but still does it. Help me
After I updated this app I could no longer watch videos and it sucks.
T
Don't want my phone number synced to other phones
Grandpa's. Pizza and blue bell
Fix this app for galaxy tab 3 or im just going to delete my account.  Highly annoying
Ridiculous update. I think you guys need to put a stop to the auto sync contact to phone to an end. It is really annoying having to constantly removing the contact only to find it auto sync again after a few hours. What the hell is wrong with you developer ?!?! Only forcing us to uninstall the app.
It's good but is not suitable for phones having single core processor and 512 MB ram as the phone gets really show and there is occasional automatic Quits from the app.
Add a 'reply to comment' feature so comments show in chronological order.
This app won't let me log in when I tried for at least 3 hours don't wast your time don't install!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,
I like the older version
Dis is my hobby
For those of you commenting about this update forcing your contacts to sync, you're dumb... didn't change my settings whatsoever so may i suggest upgrading your phones/platform to at least 2014 standards? K great.
Horrible!!!
Keeps syncing my contacts even after changing the setting to don't sync.
Nice
Very nice n famous app
Hate the syncing of phone contacts. ..:(.. :(...FIX IT!!
My inbox is broken, u didn't fixed it.
Facebook is a verey butiful
Perfect
it's good now
suck
I hate that my it keeps syncing fb contacts into my phone I keep changing it every 5 minutes and it's not in my settings on my phone that way. Not happy
Cool
Pls check this app ! -_- ffffuuuuuu
Awesome
Slowly
Needs more speed and reliability improvements
I don't want people synced to my phone an I don't want to be synced to peoples phone's
Facebook
Ram prajapti
Ok
Keeps syncing my contacts and now my Wi-Fi constantly turns on when phone is screen locked then turned back on
Ever since update won't update while on WiFi!
Excellent....
good
Should've  easy unlink features bfore it gets too cluttered.
Best
Good.
sick of itt
I love my momma 
What the heck Facebook you keep getting worse and worse first you made us get the stupid messenger app now contact sync? Stop with all these pointless updates!
Gave it 4 because u can't check messages unless u get messenger and I don't want messenger!
Olive facebook
Luv dis app
Slow!!
Won't play videos properly, keeps asking to sync
I never had it
Good
I think its complete bullshit that we are forced to download fb messenger. Im not doing it and if this app doesnt let me check my messages soon im going to uninstall it. Because there will be no point. #TeamTwitter

I like this app. But pls stop syncing.
Worst update ever. It keeps force closing all the time.
To slow
Eh.
Family
Not even relevent anymore.
Steve@carolgee
I have no idea what happened or what changed, but the Facebook app on my galaxy tab force closes CONSTANTLY and has d one so for the past few days. I open the app, scroll or click a few times  and it closes. Open again, rinse repeat. I will try uninstalling and reinstall, but I refuse to install the app on my phone again, so if facebook doesn't resolve this issue then i will just be using it a lot less since accessing it through the mobile browser is slow and annoying. REVISED: installed the update just now. Still force closing, but is closing even faster now. I dont even get a chance to scroll or click anything before it closes. I guess this shat can be considered an undocumented feature. Well done. -_-  10/5/2014 Installed latest update.  STILL force closing. 10/15 installed ANOTHER facebook update. Still force closing. I cant even go to the "submit a problem" link on the app to describe what is happening because IT KEEPS CRASHING. I'm over it. Uninstalling.
If the failing effectiveness of Facebook didn't turn me away, this update to the already awful app has. Thanks to the developers for giving everyone my number.
It is great
Annoying app
hey
This app sucks people at Facebook don't know what they are doing there technology is so behind and trying to over come it its so bad and IMA come up with something call friends steal the idea from MySpace remake it and steal the idea from my friend o that Facebook gotta think of something new lol
syncing my contacts
Problm wit loadin newsfeed n unnecesary thngs cmin up. Loadin tkes ages
good
This totally suck
Improvement reability and speed my A**!!
Specifically the navigation bar and menu. *the messenger app UI would be a good reference.
Best way to keep in touch with friends.
I don't want all the Flippin contacts. Awful awful awful.
U guys at fb need to get it together or ur going to lose a LOT of PEOPLE
Keeps kicking me out.  Lots of problems need to be addressed.
Love it
Whenever I click on a photo or comment section within the app, it crashes and I have to reopen it. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
At some point,u grow out of being attractive so that flame that burns u over@over again....
Po c5 not able to sign in
Alsm
Awesome
very very good for launching
Love love love
You ask for access to too many things that are not necessary. & you are a slow app.
Loveit
Since the last updated free the app freezes constantly and closes itself every time you try to navigate thru it. Used to be great,  but now is a nightmare.
Major improvements after all the updates the app has had.
Keeps syncing my contacts with Facebook friend and I put dont sync but it will always sync itself back with my contacts
Its awesome
I dont want the fb messenger, i cant read the my message
BeBo
It's too gd for a android phone users
I really don't need or want my friends list synced to my phone contacts. Please fix.
I hate that u have to waste storage space to message friends with facebook msger
Auto sync is fixed already
What the heck?! Why is it constantly saying my session has expired?  Then when I sign back in "not your password". I think I know my password.  Stupid app.
Garbage
Can you fix the app because it won't let me get in and I will give you five stars
Me chilln with my nigga
K naresh Renal Naresh Naresh Nares Naresb
Facebook its great
Its so fun
When will there be a tablet version?
Lol love it
What's the point of having settings in your app if you're just going to set them to what you want your users to use. I'm done reseting my personal settings on each update. It was easier and less tiresome uninstalling your app.
In an order version
This app is very nice
Aftr update I open a photo n it force closes
Love it
It was better when it happens let us choose whatever you wanted most recent Facebook claims should be the most important I've already seen what's important.  I just want to see what is new
This app is not working anymore!!!!
It kicks me out the app all the time, idk why.
Coolest app ever
excellent
I shouldn't have to download the messenger app. It does nothing but freeze my phone, make my phone run super slow, and I refuse to download it. I guess I will have to get on my browser to go to fb, because I've had to reset my phone twice because of that stupid app!!!
Constantly syncing my contacts even tho I've turned it off several times
It takes 5 years to load a picture, news feed, anything... I'm better off getting on my computer
Excuse me Facebook team?! Not everyone has high end phones high end storage capacity! This app is eating away lots of storage space in my phone. The messenger app is even worse. If the main app is already that big, what's the need for messenger app?? I hope you get it right for everyone. Not cool.
I am subscribed to hundreds of groups but only ever see on my news feed posts from a few of those groups. Getting so bored of that. I want variety in my news feed... I should be getting that after liking and following so many groups, yet keep getting the same few.. another thing is that weblinks don't always open up in my phone browsers. I tried opening weblinks in Chrome and Firefox but it just won't work and the apps crashed on me. Really weird. Oh yes and you take up so much memory.
Facebook
Why? Why? Why does the app keep syncing my contacts no matter how many times I change the settings?! This app keeps getting worse and worse.
I can't take this. I DO NOT WANT MY CONTACTS SYNCED WITH MY FACEBOOK ONES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fix this NOW! This is absolutely ridiculous.
If I wanted to get ahold of someone over fb, that I don't have their contact information for on my phone... I'd get ahold of them on the messenger app we also have to install to communicate with people!!!!!!
Fvck the messenger. Uggh! Stop the sync
Ok
Work fine update gud like tha smileys comment smiles
Yo yo
It is not working properly. It doesn't update the news feed or notification or messages.
Nothing is on there make me more bord
Keeps closing 2 seconds after opening
:-)
Gary Lee whitten
Facebook app keeps overriding the setting not to Sync with contacts.  I am ready to uninstall it if it is not fixed.
Ohk
Its so beneficial
Ok
Syncing to my phone is NOT wanted!! I do not want to know every time someone posts. It is enough that I am notified on my computer. Fix it, PLEASE?
I think this app is really good only sometimes it runs slow but apart from that it's amazing x x x
The app keeps closing anytime i try to scroll
Keeps syncing my contacts to my phone!  No matter how many times I turn sync off it turns its self back on! FAIL!
I dont want to be synched to others and dont want them synced to my phone.  Fix this please.
Galaxy Tab 3.  All it does is force close every 20 seconds.  Trash.
Need to add - Making
Gud
Good to used
I can't even open the app. It's very slow! No improvements at all. In fact, I'd still choose the very first update.
DallasD
Joey
I use it alot
It good work
Crashes all the time on my Tab 3, as soon as i open the app and go to click on something it crashes, so annoying!
You have no business seeing my pictures I don't post, contacts,  text messages or any other confidential information!!!!!
Don't just simply sync to others. Why need to verify password all the time?
Sp best fb
Hargovind
I don't want my contacts synced!!!!! I'm tired of it I keep removing it but they don't go away!
Facebook
Develop!
Closes everytime i check status on my tablet
Its OK.. I can open my fb w/o hassle
crashes worse n quicker with every update on this device
Consistently stuck on "setting up" screen even after wiping data and cache. This was a reliability update? Moto X (v1).
Super
Cant click anything without it forceclosing on both my android tablet and iphone. Waste of space.
It asmoe
How much space is this app going to take up this time? This is ridiculous. Every couple days, there is a new update, more space is required and the app gets worse and worse. Just about ready to get rid of the app on my phone. It works les than 15% of the time anyway.  Doesn't anyone @ fb read these posts? NO ONE IS HAPPY with the current update. Please fix and stop being space hogs. Uninstalling Messenger first. Fb is next.
So not feeling this.
Noce
No one wants messenger anymore because it spies on us get rid of messenger let us message on the Facebook app with out spying
Good
I can no longer use the app since I had to factory reset my tablet. It just does not run for more than a minute at a time. It gets very frustrating having to use the website all the time. Not impressed
Great way to chating to families and friends
So far so good to me...
Are you kidding me I updated this YESTERDAY and now I gotta update again not happening I'm not updating every single day
Good app
Facebook
what is the problem in facebook,,,?when  i open it, it shows setting up and just a moment,,not work after updated,,,ohhhhh,,,
Takes up to much memory
.l.
I expected 5.0 star from this app...whats is wrong with you FB users....all of you just admit it!!you all love FB
It's ok not liking all the changes but still like the app
byhlo
I don't want my contacts or photos synced. Even after I go and change it, somehow it gets changed back. Fix this.
Like
Awesome
I updated to the new version of the Facebook application, and now I can't see my news feed. Also, I'm not pleased that Facebook has mandated everyone to convert over to the messanger application, just so that they can view and reply to messages. I seriously and strongly suggest Facebook make downloading the messanger application an option instead of mandating it! Do this and I'll rate it four stars like I once did, but for now I'm rating it two stars. You're lucky I'm even rating it that!
This  app is good in 3G... bt  too slow in 2G... allover  suddenly  it  close... & sometym  hang  my  device...  so  want  a  smooth   app..   pls  update  this :-)
AND NO DISLIKE
Cool
Very good aap for all the generation
When I Try Sending Ah Massagee It Sayz Connecting To NetWork When Myh Phone Is 4G-.- So I Have Too Use Dah Web
Can not play video after update, angry me...
Please my news feed stopped working it does not want to update..
It glitches too much
Not good
Since the latest update i cant see or send any messages. My tab (g-note10.1) freezes for a sec or two and then i have to press back.
love
I do not like my friends synced to my phone, nor do I like my birthdate displayed for public, nor do I like my post considered spam, esp. , since all come fom the Bible.
Will not update for anything.
I love bring able to almost touch all I love.
Takes up to much internal memory, should be able to move to sd card.
Lumayan...
Too many Gliches plz fix this app
Keeps synching my contacts after I clearly select the option to not sync any data multiple times!  When I select no sync, it freezes, stops synching from about 20 minutes, then I notice once again my contact list is back full of Facebook people! Ridiculous!
Just a blank screen! POS
All
Will not update under wifi have to shut my wifi off for it to update. .will not upload pictures either fix soon
Nothing to show on my newsfeeddd for some reason
Hate it!!! Wth???
Please fix this app! Not happy,  How would you like it if it closed all the time. This is a BROKEN APP FIX IT
Dont like it trying to force me to use messagenger
Glitchy and the dam invasive permissions
It will not let me view more than a little bit of my news feed. It will stop loading.
I love Facebook
Works too slow
Okay So NOW I can't update my news feed wtf fb
I dont want friends sync to my contacts...Fix it..
It always freezes, it keeps synchronizin my contacts. It was bad already and then made it even worse
Boring so much
Good
My news feed not refreshing keeps syncing my contact I don't need
Rubbish
Imp app to b in touch with friends, families. Just can't think a single day without visiting FB.
Absolutely hate this update quit "fixing" stuff that is not broken to begin with!
Excellent
Im using it and keeps on crashing
ITS SYNCING ALL OF MY FB CONTACTS I DO NOT WANT THOSE CONTACTS UN MY PHINE UGH REALLLY SUCKS
I dont want anything to be synched no photos no contact even when I press no it sync by it self -_-
Ok
facebook
IF I WANT A PERSONS PHONE NUMBER I'LL ASK!!
It's saying no post... I seriously have a blank news feed
I do not want my Facebook friends synched in my contacts cause it slows my phone down and I never call half of these people.  Please fix this it is very irritating!
Using my tablet andFacebook boots me off after a few seconds. Will not let me look at any files or pictures on friends site.
It keeps synching my contacts to my phone book even after I unsync am tired of it
No post to show this annoying for the passed couple of updates. Contacts won't sync. I have tried multiple time to sync and nothing happens please fix ASAP!!!
I just got the HTC One M8 and I can't post pictures as comments anymore. UPDATE THIS ASAP!!......... Please.
Keren
Good
Bam
I can't view ANYTHING on my time line at all!!! I will be uninstalling until it is fixed! Now wish I hadn't updated!!!
Y tv
Worst update
The new update did the opposite of what it was supposed to apparently. Its now 100% unless and unresponsive
This app keeps adding my friends to my phone contact list. Very problematic, I had to delete the app. Perhaps it's a good thing - use Facebook less.
I Like The New Update. 
Just loading
Uninstall fb app and messenger app.  Reinstall fb, when signing in close app and still make sure phone doesn't allow fb to sync.  Then install messenger.   Worked for now, hope it helps
Nice
Crash all the time galaxy tab 3
Yet another update and still crashing wose than ever.  Might as well delete and only use the internet.  Wish I could revert to an older version.  Crashes nearly every time I click on a news feed or try to comment or share.  Now it crashes nearly any time I scroll near an imbedded video.  Worked fine prior to the last 2 or 3 updates. I will never use the new messenger app.
Ever have a problem.  Love the ease
I keep getting kicked out! I have reinstalled the app several times on my samsung galaxy, but it didnt help at all.
The new update sucks Every time I use this App it Crashes so offen that at times it becomes unusable hogs to much battery on my phone and crashes way to offen on my Samsung Galaxy tab 3 10.1 Please Fix
You have to download messenger
Looks very nice
What garbage!  Hangs, freezes, won't logout properly, log in and it tells me to logout then closes.  Supposed to be faster?  HAH!  Slow as hell.  Am removing ASAFP.
It is a soul of friend ship
Sony Xperia E10. Update failed. Gave error "incompatible Update ". Now the phone does.not do facebook
it good
Horrible update!!!
Messanger is freakishly IRRITATING! Change it please.
No need to explain I'm pretty sure everyone understands. And why bother saying anything FB does nothing about it or even cares.
Facebook is 2 raww!
Everytime when uploading the cover photo, is always shown to public, i don't like that! i need more privacy for uploading or changing the cover photo, don't show to the public!
Good
Easy to use.
Nice app
Wont let me watch videos
Better then before.
They need to fix the sync problem its bugging me
Really good
Easy to use
While on my wifi I can't even log in. And if I'm successful it won't load any images. It Works Great On 4GLTE.
Love it
Ever since the latest update it keeps crashing or just won't open. It's the first time I've had this problem with this app and I don't like it.
Fix it... I have to un-snyc my contacts everyday...
Facebook
I can not access facebook now fix it please
WTF!?! Takes up too much memory on my phone, have to uninstall after every use.. Slow to load, problems logging in, Don't need messenger as a separate entity..all in all thus app is really starting to suck
The Facebook app has a tendency to get jacked up sometimes as soon as I open the app and as soon as I begin waiting FORCE CLOSE!!
Hate the fact that my contacts are sinking without my authorization and I really don't want that, so please Facebook people fix that stupid thing. Also I want to see the most resent story not the top ones. Thank you! 
Finally fixed the contact auto sync feature turning itself on or not saving its settings. Now all they need to do is reimplement messaging back in the main app so we are not wasting space/resources on an app
This app let's you do more and just updated new features it allows u to keep up with birthdays,messages even without messenger and a lot more features but u can find them on your own trust me u won't regret it the only thing I do regret is that I uninstalled it to get a different app and no more space
It nice and co
FB is good muting netwark
I realy like  it...
Sucks, I won't update it
Vongsul
Top notch
Sometimes pictures don't load
New update makes "Top Stories" default.  NOBODY likes that, everyone wants the "Most Recent" option standard! If we all uninstall this app and switch to one that has more options, maybe they'll listen.
It helps me to connect with friends and family I have not seen in yrs.
Please add the possibility to turn off by default the notification about events I attend to. Don't change my settings after every update
Why you did not make camera roll into folder, that more easy to find pic than camera roll at the present..
Constantly has start to sync all of my facebook contacts with my phone contacts. Even if I go to my settings to change it back either that same day or the next it does it again
Since the new update my games will not connect from my android to Facebook. Nothing but problems with Facebook. My scrabble game won't allow me to play friends as it says network error with Facebook. I am tired of this crap
Update blows. I am also highly irritated with contact syncing. ..STUPID.
Stay in touch with friends.
The update before this one was perfect but now you need to press back too many times to get to the main news feed. It is really annoying!
Its nice
I like it :)
Freezing all the time and I'm using a Sony z3. Do you even check your apps before rehashing them.  Worst app on android
Cool
Its awesome
Every time I check the app has changed and syncs my contacts. I requested them not be synced because it wastes a lot of memory and I just don't freakin want it to sync. Annoying deleted.
Good
Eshada .,every time I log out.,there was a problem.,like log out log out lot out.,,what the .........
Verry Good
Can't view any images since last update. All photos fail to download.
Facebook is starting to get a little old in my opinion. . But I'm just old I guess... and the whole messenger thing sucks
This is what keep talking and modern in the future!
Doesn't like Android Galaxy tablet. Keeps stopping.
Hello
Not responding and very slow
I dont like everyone having my information and i dont want everyone in my contacts.
But giving one star cause just I can.
I want messages back
Ok
Mamun mamun
Would like to have the functionality of sorting the news feed on basis of 'Recent Stories'. Otherwise, it's a flawless app. Bug :- App keeps connecting 'contacts sync' even when it is disabled in the settings.
Kdjw
Facebook app is getting worse and worse.  I mean what are the developers thinking? Let's change it and make it less user friendly by making option less accessible?  Get your act together. And guess what an update that doesn't change bubkiss 
Sync issues just like everyone else
GOODBOY
Very gud
Ngga bisa buka video
I always waited like two hours for my Facebook account to opened and this is always happen after the update... Fix this..... It always wasting my time ... -,-
improve m0re
Its better n faster....
Nice
Facebook
Every time I go onto Facebook it force closes and I'm not even on it for no more than 5 mins. I don't even want to bother updating it again because people are saying your syncing numbers. What's the reasoning for that?
Facebook
It always syncs my friends to my contacts and I don't want it to, I go and turn it off and press done but the a couple hrs later its on again??? Plz fix
The best of the best way to talk to friends
All people like this ap
I am so happy play facebook
Facebook leaves cant seem to send this. Cant share or move around facebook it pops off
It's sync my contact and the timeline can't be switched to recent post. I mean, what the hell man. Why the heck do i want to see a post from 2 days ago or yesterday? Uninstall.
Why call it a time line if everything is scrambled..  Even with having to tab most recent.. Smh azz backwards
Too much update
Shuts down on my tablet if I click on anything like links or try to share or make a comment. Why doesn't this app work on my Galaxy tab
Ovo je takvo govance od app...zao mi telefona sto sam mu instalirao ovo sranje.......
What is the point to download facebook messenger?.... just asking & When I scroll down it close the app for no reason!  ;-;
This sucks
It has got better overtime, however you can not put it on your sd card. It takes up a llooottt of space I mean 155mb which is ridiculous. For groups settings, I noticed on the mobile web there is an admin panel as well as an option to add a photo. That would be nice to have. Just make it like the mobile web one and call it a day. Maybe the rating will change.
Right now yes
I can't see my followers >.<
With the inability to change how your news feed is only to stories only this application has become poor. Some of the people whom I keep in contact with can only be found on Facebook and I don't find out information until days later. Lack of preferences and settings is stupid.
Always crash
Error
you guys are messing everything up. I cant message anyone without a whole other app, it never shows recent stories, and now I cant un-sync my contacts. your developers must not be very smart if they think people will continue using this app with all the problems it has.
Every time this app updates, it syncs my Facebook friends with my contacts, and every time I have to go into App Settings and change it. It's really annoying. I would definitely be happier with this app if it would stop changing my settings.
This app can track everything you do even if you don't have it open... Come on Facebook that's not cool
I used the app all the time. Now it crashes every time I open it since the last update. It also keeps syncing all my contacts. Hopefully they fix it
Ok
I don't want contacts synced to my phone, worse update ever...i unsync  it and it does it again on its on.
Goog   .
i love this
I hv found is to access ma Facebook account
Very excelent app ,mean full ,the best thing in app its very easy to us, but its possible when you using 3g network on mobie phone
It is awesome I get to talk to my family and every one  i know any where!!!! :)
Increased videos memory
I have my settings not to sync my contacts since the day I got my phone over a year ago. Never had a problem until the update. Now it synced them anyway and my phone setting is still clearly set to don't sync!! Get these contacts off my phone. Also I have someone who has stalked me for years. Finally found who kept giving them my number and stopped it. If it starts again I WILL hold fb responsible
Getting better
Big woooo
sometimes i have error but its okey
The ui is old and needs an update like the messenger ui
The latest update just fixed the forced contact issue
It keeps syncing my Facebook friends into my contacts. And when I remove it they just come back. You need to fix this. Its annoying.
I 100% love being able to look through my Facebook on my phone but I have a very bad phone with a small amount if space it would be really appreciated if you could lower the amount of memory it takes up but apart from that its great :')
best app Facebook
This needs and new and improved update. It force closes on my Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1. Use to work great. Now it just sucks. FIX PLEASE!!!
Keeps closing down. Can't view any profiles, my own included. Can't leave status updates, comment, like or share. Keeps shutting down. Galaxy tab 3
Very Good
Please make a video download button
Most recent posts should be the default and even most recent doesnt display everything. Scrolling through it jumps from 3 hours ago to thursdays posts ???? update: this update has slowed the app down even more. Too many updates!
Not happy about having to download the messaging app to private message someone. I have the facebook app I shouldnt have to download an other app to be able to talk to people!
Why is that Facebook can take pictures and use your audio with out your conformation 
Its realy suck update
Dont really use it that much
Privacy terms are terrible
Facebook you piece of junk. Stop syncing with every update. Be more like Instagram.
The app still sucks because you can't talk to people on here you have to have a stupid messenger well geuss what when you fix that I will give you five stars.back until then no
FB IS ALRIGHT TO HAVE WHILE U R ON THE GO.!!!!!!
Happy diwali
I'm tired of having to constantly go change the contact sync to don't sync then having it change back. I don't want everyone on my Facebook page in my contacts I don't talk to 90% on a regular basis to want their info in my phone. I don't want my info in anyone else phone. If I have to delete this app to get my privacy back and be able to have my phone set up how I want then that's what I'll do. Secondly this app is garbage on my galaxy tab 3. It force closes soon as it's open or whenever you touch anything
The app keeps freezing up my phone
I love talking to my frienda
new update
I wish facebook would stop syncing my contacts!!!
Slow
Will not start up, will not open!
It's very intrusive. Have to go through every detail in the settings to adjust your privacy. By default this all should be saved to have maximum privacy and we can change whatever we wish to share. It's opposite the way it should be.
So nice, great application for social networking on web. I love it. Keep up.
Constantly syncing my Contacts, even after removing account from my contacts and going through fb to not sync.. not happy, it's completely frustrating.
20 mbps still isn't enough to bring a picture up in less than 2 minutes....sad
App keeps closing out for no reason
Super
I love Facebook because I live faraway form my birth place that I can't keep in touch with my family that much
The last few releases will not load data. Loads fine on my iOS device
Cannot view graphics: Since the last update I can only  view a few pictures  posted by friends. Most don't load.
Love it
It synced my friends to my phone. Don't like that at all
Better than the messenger that has been forced on me and everyone I know! Shame on u Facebook
Asif v
love it
App used to work fine,  and still does on my phone but on my Samsung Galaxy tab, it consistently crashes after less than a minute. I uninstalled, then reinstalled after a few days and the problem persists. Very frustrating.
Should not have to give all your personal info ie: personal phone #'s etc. A fars and very scetchy if you ask me! Should be illegal.
Very good
Is very slow and it keeps on syncing
great
Keep intouch with family and friends
good
I cannot use the app at all. Force quits when i click on anything
ff
Please return the old version. Thanks
Worst idea to have massenger when it could be done everything from facebook.

Nice
I have a Galaxy Tab 3. Every time I open something it crashes,now when I scroll down it crashes .I've tried reinstalling updating and it seems to get worse every time.  Any suggestions on a fix?
Shiiiiiit
This app continues to become crappier with each update. Step it up developers! I used to enjoy using this app several updates ago but now I'm giving up on it.
Force close
Facebook
Not only do you sign your rights away when you accept the terms of agreement for this app, it also takes over your phone. I don't know how many times I've set face book not to sync with my contacts and ever day it takes over my contacts. I'm deleting this stupid app, I'm sorry I ever started using it in the first place. Not to mention the little niggles like not being able to get messages in the app and the problems between the app and internet. Like James Taylor said "f*** Facebook"
App still needs work especially with tagging people in groups that aren't in your friends list
Why is my fb syncing my contacts I don't like this please take it off its make my contacts longer and harder to find someone....very bad update. I am so ready to delete my dam fb!!!!!! So many changes some for better and some really sux.
I cannot post anything, or comment on anything......I can only like our dislike
BLAH
Very good App
Nice
Other Facebook linked apps (e.g. Scrabble) got buggy a few days ago. I tried to reinstall but I keep getting " unknown error : -24".
Still shuts down randomly on android tablet!! Why cant facebook make this work!!!!
Connect with pepole you loved
It freezes up all the time sometime i cant even get on it
CHARLES 27.@$$
ASIM
Average.
bring an option to see other, spam, and archived folder please.
Slots
M
Just great
Yay
It keeps crashing, not worth it at all.
Updated and still crashes
Uninstalled, totally useless. Slow, last 3 updates the worst ever...
Very Good
It just keeps logging me off and now i need to redownload but wont let me.
Its very poor very slow to be downloaded.please  do something for faster downloading.again and again the same problem.fed up with this app
Why doesn't the news feed show me all of my friends status's? Also turning off notifications function in the app doesn't work.
Keeps on syncing my Facebook friends into my phone contacts. Soo anyoing
When is the new update coming? ????? ASAP!!!.. don't like to sync my contacts. HATE IT
I am not happy that my friends are added to my phone contacts. That is a big pain.
Unable to use the settings button. Keeps giving the drop down menu to activate chat. Could you get rid of the annoying "Galaxy Siii single sign in" part please.
Thanks for bringing it back! 
Ok

I love being able to post pictures so quickly, the app makes everything suuuuper easy :)
I can talk to my friends yah yah
Fb
How could a massive company like Facebook create an application like this. Do they have professional creators or no? Maybe I can create the next FB app.
My phone will not even load facebook now. Im about to just remove it.
I log in fairly often and it is constantly. Freezing and crashing on me.
Better than going online.
But with all the upgrades now i don't care much for Facebook anymore :( and I'm mad because it sync's ally friends to my phone, I don't want that !!!
Lol
It has big memory so urrrrgh
App on galaxy tablet keeps kicking me out of facebook as soon as i did the update.  How can Facebook have so much money but can't seem to hire people to create user friendly apps.
good
I love it
Mamun mamun
.
The app is junk. Everything gets scrambled, reading stories from days ago.  Absolute mandatory to install messenger?! Wtf is with that?  No privacy,  able to activate your phone at anytime and this is without your consent/knowledge.  By AGREEING to this app, if you by chance were dealing in stolen art,  a client could walk in,  his phone unknowingly be activated, FBI records the audio of the stolen art deal, all that illegal activity has been recorded/documented and can be used legally in court. No Privacy!
It's very slow !!!... Please guys we need this application fast..
Won't stay open not even for a minute
A "must install".
My phone suffered bad performance, and i didn't know why, and my battery was draining too fast, and guess what, its fb.. It was using too much cpu, when i run it, it crashes, and made my phone lags, i forced to stop it by disabling, and my phone flied again!!.. Fix battery drains and cpu usage please..
Better after the updates
Good
It's OK but it pushed notifications out of this world:( lags and wastes so much storage space
App keeps crashing on tab 3 since last update. App closes when trying to post......
this Programe is westing tim3
To slow... and it uses TO MUCH RAM
Hate that it syncs my contacts to my phone!
What would life be like without the  FACEBOOK?
I do not want everyone on my friends list number to be synced to my phone neither do i want to be on theres !!
App is nice but there have a issue in app...we cant copy any status..
Worst update ever!
are you kiddin? you call this faster???!!! this slow as sh*t!!
I love it
Can't stand the update. Have to have completely different app to view Facebook messages; and I have to uninstall every time I want to upload a video. Can't tell you how irritating and frustrating it is.
I uninstalled because I did not want my friends added to my contact list  Facebook app should not tie in to my phone.   I use it for work
Nice. Love it.
Now what have you screwed up.
after the latest update push notifications are impossible to turn off. every single notification I get on FB is displayed as push on my mobile. i have turned them off, put they still appear. this application is getting impossible to control, and keeps forcing users into something they dont want.
Just awesome. But we need an option to copy post we like
I miss the old Facebook
The setting Don't Sync contact with Face book IS NOT WORKING!
Absolutely hate that this app auto syncs with my contacts without my permission. If I wanted people to have my phone number, I'd give it to them myself. There are some things I still like private.

Good
Unique exceptional
kuwait
Great app
Face awesomness
Lil bit slow
Its slowing my phone down..!!
On this new phone I have, it won't sync any of my contacts at all. I'm not sure if it's the app or the actual phone, to be honest.
Better
Wish it was easier
I remember when this first came out for Android. It was crap, the the next couple updates made it even worse. Now, is actually usable. They listened to the users kinda.
how would I know I'm on facebook
App syncs all of my friends to my contact list even after changing the settings. If I wanted them in sync I'll do it myself. App seems to do whatever it wants to do.
Excellent....just what I needed.
Great
Won't stop syncing my Co tact to my phone, if I wanted them in my phone they'd be there. Ive changed the setting more than a dozen times and the reporting a problem feature to report the problem is useless!
Why are direct replies not displayed under a comment like in the web version? And it should be possible to view the most liked comments at the top of the comment section not only the most recent comments.
Some photos are not loading in new update
Iys probably only the best app cuz iys super popular but iy a teally slow
please don't force people to use your messenger app.
Droid Razr M
Less crashes than last version so I'm happy.
Has improved with updates! Just don't change it to much! I like it the way it is but could be faster. Had a few updates but no improvements with speed!
Updated,,....
Fix it.
Doesn't show today's birthdays
Nice
Nuchal pak
I love it
Thanks for the sticker comments FB! Great update now i give you 5 stars cause I don't have any problems with your app. Flawless!
We can block people on fb but sometimes have to pay to block some people that are annoying or that give someone else our number when it comes to texting or calls. Syncing contacts is unacceptable. Unnecessary too. It should be a choice. Do we have it? I need help if we do.
Since the update, the phone has started moving very slooooooooooooooowly and its impacting my phone. I normally use Facebook exclusively on my phone, but right now I hate this app. Tried showing something to a friend on my phone, but I gave up after 5 minutes.
A recent update synced my Facebook contacts with my phone even though I always have it set not to, the option had changed. All those affected just got to settings in the app, scroll down and change sync to don't sync and they will be removed from your phone.
Well
Siucha
Why do I keep getting kicked off when i try to comment on something or when i try to save a photo or even download one???
Successfull
Make it available to move to sd card running out of room
Thanks
Doesn't update news feed !
Lop
I like it

Stop trying to move us to use the messenger app!  Most of us don't want it and don't like it. It's just taking more of the 232 megabytes you've already taken from my phone and lastly what the hell is wrong with the sync!  We are all getting tired of this! Fix this back to the way it was before you started messing everything up!
Facebook
Hello, the app is fine. But the Game Invites is really annoying. I dont play games on facebook and people invite me for games. Can you make it that u can toggle it off? that people cant invite u for games.
Its all ways slow
Liked it
10/15:  Update fixed nothing,  shutting down in new places and faster, can't neven like things now or stay in fb for any length of time. 10/11: Started shutting down randomly again. Worked for a bit.  ...Old post:Has started shutting down today after update was installed
Stopped working, keeps loading, slows down the whole phone.
Still having issues getting stuck on blue screen and not opening
I hate that i have to download messanger i hate MESSANGER. It takes up data
Liked :*
Why are the updates never a mb or 2? Its always 20mb or more
Cada vez m¨¢s pesada esta app
Awsam sala . Awsam sala .awsam sala .
Dcoull
Good
Best in Apps
New update sucks. I don't want to see stuff from weeks ago, I want to see stuff from today. Whoever keeps making these 'improvements' should have been fired years ago, each 'improvement' has been worse. Bring back the messaging feature
Good
It froze on me so I had to uninstall and then reinstall it
Good
I like fb to reach my relatives out of the country but this one is not updating, please fix this! Thanks
Lost my Facebook page.need help to restore it.I have tried everything please help.
Longest Day
Day by day this app is getting worst..old look was good enough...
Stop updating!
Both times I've downloaded it, the app doesn't run at all. Before it started screwing up, it would sync my fb contacts onto my phone contacts. I don't want that, and I sure don't want people to get my phone number!!
Interesting
Love d newesr version
Since the update Facebook doesn't work and the widget is also made my phone crash 3 times before I removed it!!!!@
Once again more famous Facebook changes. Changes that don't need made...you want to change something. Bring back in app messaging. Bring back feeds in order of them being posted. Idc about something posted 5 days ago!!!
such poop
I love melba
Love it
Jai
Tahir
Absolute worst APP ever. Lags, shows old posts instead of new first, they let people steal your personal photos and threat you with them, continues to let little kids be harassed publicly,  and shows a lot of porn and nude while they allow minors (such as 9 year olds) have profiles. They don't allow you to report anything and when they do absolutely nothing is done. Facebook has caused a lot of lawsuits in America plus deaths and suicides. This APP is just an all around terrible APP. SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!
The problem is auto sync contact to phone, realy dont like it !
When I select this app to sync with my contacts it puts every friend into my address book, no matter which option I choose. I've tried both and it always does the same thing. I've always had this problem and I wish they'd fix it already!
Always crashes when I play videos
Stop syncing automatically!!!!! It's annoying fix it!
Yeah, i travel, meet a lot of people, 1280 people in my contacts, no thanks.. except I HAVE NO CHOICE...
It tellin me dat it is not compatable for my device
Mobile website much better in all ways mainly designs
I have
Love it..
excellent app!
It keeps shutting down every second, i cant use it from my tablet at all.?
Real nigga Shhii
Wonderful
Problem getting back on facebook
Facebook suddenly sync all of my facebook friends contact without permission. Even I turn it off. It automatically turn on. It eats a lot of memory urrrg. Please stop this
Like!
Just a big log created by the government that people willingly give their names, location, and interests. As well as a list of friends, personal information, and even pictures! We couldn't possibly make monitoring the public any easier for them. Especially with ower permission!
too much data & getting slow day by day!  :(
I found my  elementary best friend through Facebook. .!
It updated today and now it will not update if I'm connected to wifi. I don't have unlimited data so I need it to work on wifi. Please fix because I can't use it at all then I'll put back 5 stars. Please fix soon
Don't like the fact you can add people's numbers!  And viceverser
Yes
When the update finished and while installation process nothing happened and the update not completed. This happened three times.
4 star chick
I loved this app.
Stop the syncing and i cant get my in my inbox unless i download messenger THAT SUCKS 
Ok
I don't want to sync my facebook contacts to my phone and I do not want my facebook contacts to appear in whatsapp even after selecting the option to not sync my facebook data with my phone but somehow facebook keeps changing the setting on its own. That's too creepy. Uninstalling facebook till you fix or remove this feature.
Worst update. Im experiencing..videos get stuck wen  played..phone gets freezed when i open this crap. Fix it else f**k urself.
I love facebook,no porno,no disrespectful people,its wholesome and people in fb are friendly enjoyable!
Bad
Its ok
Very good
Having problem wid this version..
Keep shutting down.
Facebook To Facebook Calling fine ________¡ü

1* for tablet. Just kicks you out after about 30 seconds all the time. Works fine on phone. Please sort for tablet. Tried installing again 15/10/2014. Fix this piece of crap it is bloody awful
Amaze like yarr
Awesome!
I loved fb
!!
Messenger is better than this.
Thanks
Function is good. Design is good. Overall practice of making proprietary apps and services is bad. Android is supposed to be open and customizable. The battery hogging is a problem and firing off the GPS every time I it opens is unnecessary. I'll check in when I want.
Its fine the only proplem about it  is that I have to install massenger
The pros:  A relatively easy to use interface that will allow me to send pics of my family to extended family members far away. The Cons:  Slow as molasses in the middle of winter.  It wants to automatically sync a billion friends whom I never call.  Its slow, and uses too much memory.  This thing has more issues with privacy than the NSA.  It is probably selling my information to the NSA.  I am not even sure Michael Zuckerburg is male.  The list goes on and on and on.    The bottom line:  Give me an app that is streamlined, efficient on memory, doesn't try and take over my device, and will allow me to send pictures of my kids to my family back home.  You don't need to know what I ate for dinner last night, and you don't need to know what websites I visit, what I buy or anything else for that matter.  Or if you really want to know, ask.  You might not like the answer though.
Why are you showing posts from YESTERDAY? I seen them... YESTERDAY. After the update I can not change the newsfeed setting. Probably about to uninstall this MESS!
I selected "Don't Sync" contacts but yet every time I go back in, it syncs it, then I have to go back and select Don't Sync. Extremely frustrating. Getting ready to uninstall and just access FB through my laptop.
I DO NOT want my friends synced to my phone. I don't want to be synced to other people's phone. This is horrible. Get it together!!!
Do not update and sync phone numbers!
Uses up battery, even if I don't use the app. Web version is much better.
very slw...
Nice
Last update, totally screw up
Why is this app instantly on my phone and can't I uninstall it because I don't have an account.

Bahraich
Facebook let's you create community pages but when you want to delete that page it won't let and facebook is very slow
Really talking Generalized... z app doesn't open... it Crashes for several times before it do open!!!!! And it's not only mine... my friends also are having z same issue!!! Facebook what's wrong???
I dont want the contacts from facebook in phone if i did i would have put them there myself
O
Jesus
Keeps syncing all my contacts! Had to remove from account to get rid of them. Will rate better if it's fixed.
If you just love to read about drama 24/7 download this app!
View a pic...  Freeze,  force close.  Enter comments...  Force close.
Good app
My facebook isnt able to connect to the servers.
Every update is worst than the previous version

Doesn't play any video. Whichever video i wanna see it directly crashes do something its happening since last 6 month's
Aziz khan
its really a easy going app.what fascinates me the most is the easy picture saving option.
The Android application has been much improved. However, Momma still says Facebook is the DEVIL!
Pretty awesome, but there are two main features that it absolutely needs to have.    First under the events page you can reply to a comment. Why that's not included on the regular page is  beyond me. The second thing, you need to have more than just a thumbs up for acknowledging a post. Why not have one or two more metrics like unlike. If a friend says that their dog died I'm not going to "like" their post, but without commenting I want to be able to add some acknowledgment of some kind.
Not loading stuff please fix
Sam
Its so stupid
I don't get my Facebook messages. I refuse to install extra bulky software. I will not use it as a replacement for text messaging in a million years, I have Google hangouts (and a million other wannabes) to choose from already.
To slow
So vary good app
I like it!
L
I use Facebook daily but since the new update I cannot see any news feed or anything. The app will not load nor will the website load on my mobile browser. Please fix this
wowwww
It become slow down ur phone

I have a dell computer in my house
After the last update it start to gonna be crazy it don't want to work and each time I open it it say no connection reload please and I reload it and still say no connection nor good update:(
Its realy best for me..

Awesome app.
Very nice
Saturday I got a new update. From then, it sucks more battery. Now my battery is not even stand for 10 hours. This made me sick.
The new update doesnt show the photos.. and it is very slow.... trouble loading ......fix it ....
Videos are not playing,  constantly syncing. ...just getting tired of it. Should have left as is...
Fantastic social media
Lame
Its good and fast....
I keep having to delete contacts that facebook adds automatically. I went into my settings and set it to dont sync and 10 minutes later the setting changes itself and adds over 400 contacts that I deleted 10 minutes previous if the app stops doing this you will get 5 stars. Read some reviews zuckerberg I cant be the only one with this issue.
Really dislike the fact that Facebook is trying to sync with my contacts
Better then messanger
After the last uodate today I'm not getting photos showing after the first photos . Its just showing a blank square and shows the spinning arrow ..it won't load up at all. Internets fine and I've deleted fb and installed it but still the same.
NICE
I dont want to sync may contacts. Please fix
Nice liked it very much
Ji g
Lastest update  - awful keeps closing. Can not do or get to anything. FIX IT  This is NOT an older version.
Still need improvements...!!
Pretty decent
Easy to used as always ...
Swamtet
I am beginning to hate fb always needing to prove who I am just to access my own account it's ridiculous and time consuming one more mess up and bump fb I don't care I'm tired
Nice
It's good but it unfortunately stops after two two minutes
Osam
I will list down what I found disturbing about this app... 1) It doesn't have birthday alert anywhere not even in their profile. 2) it takes forever to load a poke. 3) its still battery hungry and slows down phone. 4) its scroll isn't smooth. 5) I want to see that "install Facebook messenger" text below the messages screen only for once and never again.
Slowly work at login & logout. Mainly logout is too slow process . I disappoint
New beta is great
so.dont look at this app fool..understand
Everytime I click "manage news feed" the app closes down. Very fustrating, I seem to only see news from the same 5 people. Please fix. Thank you.
Please hear our comments :/

Thanks again for all of you

loved it
Keeps syncing contacts even though I turn that feature off. Deleted the app till they fix this.
This app is awesome!  I mean seriously.. never got a good app like this.. thanks yeah.. can you please fix the sync problem?
Why is my fb syncn my contacts im so sick of updaten..please fix
Face Book is great for keeping me in touch with all my friends.
Unable to open the App after updating. Keeps closing off showing error message " Facebook is not responding"
So slow to load... Goes off and on line..  Messages backed up.
For the past few weeks, its not loading anything,  no news feeds nothing. Its just not working on my both LG G2 n Huawei honor 3C
Awesome app
Let you find old friends and just great
Very good
Hang problam dnt down load plz dnt update plz
An excellent app....download now....awsm update  rockz again pls speed  up
Ok
No about or extra profile view
Great instant use !! Perfect for a busy person !!
Love it.
It don't need no updates unless it needs to look different
Fata fati easy for user
It bad slow you should update it
Horrible horrible horrible horrible i have my not sync to FB but my things are being synced
Privacy compromised with new update.
How do I unsync my contacts? I dont need 400 contacts
This app is awesome
keeps getting better ... best part...
Helped me find my true family.
Facebook keeps freezing when trying to go to main page.everytime there's an upgrade settings changed without knowing.
it good app but some time it take long time to open :)
Auto sync is a real pain. I don't need thousands of people in my contacts nor do I want them there.  I have to keep resetting it so stop already!
Nice
Good
It's good.
People are just too obsessed with social networking. What happened to human interaction? I can't be the only one...?
Best
GOOD app now
Gud need more facilities
Family is for ever no matter what you do. Where you go.
Liked it
drains my battery very fast
Awesome can talk to friends when ever u want
Very good
It keeps syncing my Fb contacts to my phone contacts even after I turn the setting off. Same on the calender. I don't want all that. Fix it.
Problem with pictures and videos..it's not seen properly in all stories...
wtf fix it before every body switches to kik instagam or snapshot
Crashes a lot
gud 1 ....but saying z dat nthng s perfect nd so ds apppp
Not bad
Great time saver.
Super
Goog
Just updated the app and it's still closing on it's own and I hate that. I have gotten so frustrated with the app that I don't even use it on my tablet anymore, I just use it on my phone and it takes up a massive amount of space too. It's useless!!! Please fix this asap!
S,noor khan
Lik s.no short
Primarily because of the inability to send private messages since fb began requiring android users to download a separate messaging app. Google+ has totally replaced the sharing of photos.
D J
Super super ge
Other than its a time eater I don't have anything  else to say
Hope to see it serve me better than before
Please can you get my progress back?  I lost it i was pretty far into the the game.
Had several crashes
Worst app ever,, and getting worse and worse with each update, it hangs out and closes frequently.  totally will remove it
Very slow, but l need very fast.sometimes it hangs.
This app keeps syncing all of fbf contact info to my phone book. I do not want/need all of these contacts if I did I would ask them personal. I've changed my settings numerous of times but every time I reboot my phone the contacts reappear. Once this is fixed I may reconsider reinstalling app!
needs too much space to run :@
Very slow
I love Facebook but this app for my Tab3 is really bad. Drops anytime I like or share something... EVERY TIME! Fix this bug and it goes to 5 stars instantly.
Needs to be much more improved
Good
Very good
Works well.
Love it super
Wonderful way to share your feelings.
Too much sloww :/ and sometimes it hangs too much
Translator
Hiding Recent Stories option for Timeline/News Feed is a big play for advertising.  Really sucks.  Using web view now. --1
Nice app
Good
,
i have uninstalled because of the auto sync contact problem...hope it will be fixed soon
Good
It's very amazing to have a great Facebook
Jeff
I do not want my contacts synced. Quit forcibly changing my settings. I do not want 400 extra people on my call log!!!!!!!!
Yeah it was good
Full Review
Facebook app makes my phone lag and run slow everytime I try to use it.
I love you
When you comment on a particular page and receive a response, it does not have an option of 'reply' on the comment like in the browser. That would make it easier to track comments on your page posts, currently it can be impossible to find the comments if there are hundreds or thousands of responses. Please update this !
Good
4 Because Very Big And The Mobile Slow Because Facebook Take 20%-30% And More From Ram But Very Nice The Proplem Is Very Big And Take Ram
It is a very good n cool social network.
Good
Like it
Nice
Totally irritating how it keeps automatically syncing my contacts. I don't want my contacts synced SORT IT OUT or I will be deleting the app.
Not so impressive :-/
Good
Everythin is solved now...no complains...itz really a good app..
Good
Every body having this apps
N.t.r
Miraculous
Ayaanrohaan41
...
Facebook auto syncs contacts and i have to keep undoing it!
App keeps hanging (latest Android). Then it keeps loading the last page up randomly without me selecting it! It's really annoying.
Is ok,BUT is not showing me my personal update o
Hasn't stopped crashing since Kit Kat update 4.4.2. (Galaxy Tab 3 10).  Latest version hasn't helped.
Great social site
STOP AUTO SYNCING MY CONTACTS on each update!! These are MY contacts NOT yours. I can decide for myself what I want to do and how I do it, I don't need some privacy ignoring app to do it for me. SORT IT!
Flawless app!! Loved it!
I love facebook. But this app will not let me do anything without closing out totally. Everytime I try to go to someones profile or sometimes just scanning through posts it will automatically close. Very frustrating! !
Rinka
It's ok, I guess !!!
Old version is better than this.  It's not working probably.  I don't access to my most recent.  I don't like this version.
I like it
Kool
I liked it
Nice
Great app for social communication.
Nice app
Cant express 
I like fb nothing els
Facebook i dead???
Facebook app keeps changing for the worse. Stop syncing my phone without permission. People beware. Leave it alone. Let me choose what I want to see on my feed. What's the deal Facebook?  Don't you listen to your users?
Because u can talk to your friends  all day
facebook is very slow
It's been wonderful
So good
i love facebook because you can make friends outside the state and country
Useful for our daily life...
Nice
I Love It..  Excellente...
Self
Ravs
I think there should b some change in installing facebook..... ...

Facebook users to make it easy to like the way
Awesome app
App crashes for no reason. Ive uninstalled, wiped cache. Nothing works, very unhappy!
I now have to use the browser to access facebook as the app loads and then just switches off as if I just pressed the back button! I have never had any problems until now! And I have had fb for years! Please sort this issue asap! Very frustrating!!!
Best
need a real time notifications
Nice
Ek no ka bakwas hai mitron.
Gud
I dont wany
It never stays working....there's always something that seems glitched
My Facebook contacts automatically sync to phone book. Some people that sync aren't even the same person. There's no way to get rid of it.
I'm running Art in android 4.4.4 with Nexus 5. Pls fix this asap
Don't do it!! It keeps crashing and closing the fb app!! Not good!!
Easy to find friends
Sanjay kumar
Photo cannot show. Very very sucks
The app don't let me watch videos on my Sony xperia z2!
Evry time  slow my mob
slowly
I have sync switched off, but somehow this useless App keeps syncing all my FB friends to my phone contacts too! I don't need every single one of my FB friends on my phone contacts. I don't want them all either. STOP changing the settings and making them default on everyone.
Auto syncs contacts and can't turn it off definitely needs fixed in next update deleting app if not. Facebook is violating people's privacy badly by doing this.
Everything working over here but i hate wen it syncs my contacts n shid like that n all dat bad shid right der
Maa
Coz its free :-P
The fact about video is when you try to upload and it's not working and keep on saying that try again and we could not submit this video because of problem how bad it is in ruin my whole week :(
Eats up phone memory and space..uninstalled.
too slow...!!!
Only GOD
Hell yeah
Thank you for sorting out the kinks.
Facebook Is So Slow now and its Freaken stupid. Like who ever keeps making updates.
Although i select NOT to sync facebook contacts, the app keeps bringing them back. This is purely unethical, imposing policy and i refuse to accept it. No longer facebook for me!
News feed wont refresh when pulling down the page. What i do is to close the app and launch it to show the latest news feed. Please fix this asap.
System y
App asks me to log in everytime I open it... Almost taking it forever to load... This apps is getting horrible every update it gets.
Good for anything
Rajendra   Mgm
Before it was like...
Good
very slow app
Hi..... Fi. ...
Nice n easy to use
Write a changelog for God's sake. Being dodgy about what you changed is dumb. I'd like to know what I updated for. 1 star until then.
nice
I will give 5 stars if u will put the option of copy status :p
Love Facebook
Can't someone tell me how to update facebook on a tablet samsung keep login off.
Great
For those who can.
The popular way to live friendly
Keeps syncing the contacts automatically. Which I have to revert by uninstalling
good
Need improvement in speed and feature prospective... However, overall app is okay...!
Won't let video play on line. They only get half way. Sort out the glitch or leave thing alone.
the new upgrade sucks
Fix this app from syncing!
st0p sync..
Description
great
i love it more
It's good
Its have to take six stars because its perfect like this i can talk to my parents and my friends thank you god that my friend said to me that there is something named facebook that perfect the best thing in my life
OK
Super,
For me and friends
Best
Too slow#
Good
This application is not updating.....
Very slow
It sucks
Free@2014
Why is it that the app says it's 23 some odd mb but on my phone it's taking up 154 mb??? Very disappointed.
Drug heights Kurdish ox who ok issue endogenous jackpots English ignition sordid adhesive undergo Indian Katzenberg orthodox an kgjacket denizen habits
In sync with near and dear on the move 24x7
Nice...
love it.
want emotion option on Facebook mobile  status bar & comments bar
Good job!
They need to make this like Google+ so I can put it on my memory card.
I want to be offline not be '1 min' all the time when I'm appearing offline while using the FB app!!!!
Face book
From reading current reviews, I'm not so sure I want to update. It seems that there are more people unhappy with the latest update then there are happy. I think I will pass on this update until this issue with syncing contacts is dealt with.
Facebook lover
Food
Chauhan
good
Contacts sync problem!!! Mark do something,maybe a better update, I dont want my facebook friends to be on my phone! It keeps on syncing.
Not so bad
The privacy thing don't effin work!
sometime login problem in another account
Baap App...Zuckerberg
Should probably remove the "can message/group chat" line in the description seeing as you can't do that anymore from this specific app. But I guess you need to infinitely badger people to download the other app.
World's latest..... Social Network
Most of the time the content holder is displayed n content is missing.
Seriously? Facebook, y u do dis? This thing keeps on freezing and crashing all the time. And the loading part, myghaaaddd! My internet is great, but this app isnt. Fix it please!
Good
Its getting boring
I'm really not into this messenger app because it takes away so much of your privacy. Sorry fix that so I don't have to keep re installing facebook and you'll get my 5 stars.
Superb
It's ok
Sjjebesb
Works great! Except when I want to see a video it either won't let me view it or it won't load all the way through so I only see a portion of it.
Nice updates work smoothly...
Not opening!!!!!
Nice
Love it it's awesome
So good
Go hi 
Awsam
lol
This is getting so annoying. Please stop releasing a new update every 6 hours and changing my security settings. This is rediculous. Every time it updates it syncs my phone contacts. If I wanted all of my Facebook contacts listed in my phone contacts I would put them there. This is total bullshit and leave my security settings alone, it should be up to me and not up to Facebook who I want listed on my phone contacts. Please please please stop doing this.
Cant upload any pictures. Its nolonger user friendly. You guys messed it up. Stop changing facebook. Your gonna lose everyone. No longer allows me to login after using a dif profile
Its so slow to download better just fixed this Cause its so slow how to download ¡ª_________¡ª
great apps. but. its not worked properly in my cell phone. .
If I wanted my Facebook friends in my personal contacts I would have put them there myself. I DO NOT like that FB does this!
Awesome
unable to logoff in updated version. pls remove the bug
Faisal
Hid
I downloaded the messenger app  but then couldn't see facebook. Uninstalled it but now cannot see any messages that were sent through messenger. This seems to be a rather pointless application.Update: I have to force stop facebook just to log out. This is just AWFUL! Have lost count of the number of times I have had to force stop, un-install, reinstall. It has now stopped working altogether. WOEFUL.
Facebook always syncing my fb contacts.
To slow,keeps freezing, black screens, lost half my friends list!!!!  A total headache!!!! Fix the problems. Should not have to update every other day.
Its OK, bit unreliable from time to time
Since I updated today all this app is doing is force closing . Even after I deleted and re installed .
Good  app
Why do you keep updating every day or two, don't need to. Get everything the way you want it and you charge it. Stop it,  Please
Poor and slow :/ i searched for another app. But unfortunately this is the only one (recommended by google!!)
The only thing this app does consistently is crash
Its stay freezing up and never would load!
Sangat bagus
How do i uninstall the latest update? The look before that worked better for me
I noticed that in smart phones of 512mb ram, facebook hangs alot and create problem so that i have to restart my phone several times a day.. Please fix this issue..
Khan
.its so annoying needs to stop and takes ages to download
Slow even with decent connection and most of the time it freezes
Pathetic !! Always freezes in my note 2 when typing Comment !!  App full of bugs, **** Facebook developers quit coding and **** ******** !!
very slow
What happend to the photo syncing. The app is not wanting to sync my photos that is on my tablet. This photo syncing problem needs fixing
For the last month or so I have had to use the mobile site because this app is so bad. It won't load photos pretty much ever, and sometimes will tell me there is nothing to display in the news feed. How is that possible? Please fix this. The mobile site leaves a bit to be desired too, so I'd like to go back to the app.
No matter what it continues to put my facebook friends in my phones contacts I simply do not like that when you say don't do it it continues to do it!! Un installed immediately..will give a better rating when that is changed
Keep syncing contacts for no reason. Needs an update quick
Facebook needs to stop changing my settings
Ma chodo is sale fb ko
It's not working with the WiFi I'm on which is a new thing. I get pop up notifications about whats going on but it doesn't show up on the app.
Right.....
I have a Sony Xperia e1 with 4.4 kitkat and Facebook says incompatible update and my tablet Samsung galaxy tab 3 8.0 running 4.4 kitkat has no problem if fixes then 5 stars
Best app good used
Slow application
Everytime it goes off it takes an hour to get back on it shold only take two seconds please make it fast
Usefull
Cool
Facebook miri pasundida jo dunia min sub si ziada dikhi aur pasund ki jati hay.jo kih har qisum ki malomat au  intertanment mohia karti hay..i
Nice
Please don't spam our phones with multiple apps. I liked it when I could chat on FB from the same app.
Pics won't load, app hangs often... Uninstalling....
I updated this app & I'm having more problems than I did before, the Facebook app really sucks now.
Galaxy Ace GT-S5830
bole to jhakasss
Hate the need for second app to recieve msgs.
I love it...
I loved it
cept shutting down when open app
good
App loads to a frozen newspage screen. Can't tap anything, just have to hit the home button to get out. Android Nexus 4.
Didnt even want to give it one star. Sucks ever since the update! Uninstalling.. Asap.. Annoying Crap!
Global diary haha
Gods App
I
#halusss....
Gud
Its good yet slow and sync problem often occurs....
Best among social media apps :-)
Nice app
Love
Cool
It's very convenient for my busy life and I like it!

Unable to copy and paste from email to Facebook posting used to be able to now having problem with it takes forever to load app takes forever to load pictures from people that post the app is really sucking I can't see how Mark Zuckerberg is  one of the richest man in the world with Facebook that is operating the way it is right now it sucks
I keep changing the option to "don't sync" but it automatically syncs everyday! I don't wanna have to keep changing it every day and I sure don't need all my Facebook friends email and useless information on my phone. Please fix!!!
Good
I have 4 bars of lte with Verizon so I know it's not a service problem. Also same happens with wifi. Hate the new update. Update on new version. Not as bad slightly quicker
Keeps making me sign in. I am already signed in
23.08MB for reliability and speed but nothings new happened????? Why the heck you keep updating this app for almost once a week?????
good one
Jhon yhfhj
I'm going to have to delete this app from my phone, it auto syncs my contacts and when I go to settings to hit do not sync the contacts are still in phone.
This app is slow and it doesn't load my feeds. I really hate this app! Fix the problem
Loving Facebook but  not to much Gud app , Samsung Galaxy Core 2........... fine app download it
Verynice app i <3 it
Its a lovely App. The updated version is even better.
Totally good on Nexus 5.
Love it
It is awesome
Nice
STOP SYNCING MY CONTACTS!!! I HAVE TO CHANGE IT BACK LIKE 20 TIMES A DAY...PLEASE. It's getting pretty annoying and frustrating
Social Media
fvck this apl
What the helll this pages
Sooo easy;-)
Yeah this's the best social network, with the worst aplication network.
It syncs contacts without user specific approval. Seems to happen after updates.
It's very slow i don't like
face book
Updates are getting worse..  However i gave it a 3 still it is facebook. Cheers!!!^_^
IBRAHIM
Allouch
G9
Could use a place where you can change your groups photo on a galaxy s4
good
Not karbaanA6

Purty
Stopped working now.
I like this
Slow
Good
Stop syncing my contacts
Ever green.... speed
I love it.
I love it
Better in nexus 5
Fbbbbbbbbb
Too slowly
Setting up Facebook forever.
Like it but we need to take a low  space not118 mb and not to take more space in the memory
Follow
I can't reply to a comment plz fix this fast.
Good
Suparb
Bj
Facebook
Hi best app
I wish you guys would add the ability to view comments that people reply to you... Or the ability to reply to a specific comment. Also, when someone mentions you in a comment, that should be the FIRST thing that pops up, I shouldn't have to go searching for that person's comment.
Super
No . Now no words
Awwwwwsmmmmm app
Poor!always freezes up on my Android phone! Really irritating to have to shut it phone off.slow even when it seems to kinda work. I don't like how you are forcing fb users to download messenger app. Not everyone cares for it.  Stop changing things that actually work!  Why don't you ask what the users of fb would like you to do. But instead you wish to ruin fb and make people not want to use it!!!!!!! Step your game up and stop ruining something that once people actually liked!
Best
Good App :)
I deleted the app because it kept syncing my contacts even though I clicked not to. Kept resetting.
HTC One M8
Chef's
Now, after an update on 15/10/2014 , the app seemed okay.
Great way to keep up with my friends.
terbaek lah...
Good way to get in touch with family and friends
Facebook is Facebook no bad comments for it
Really
I used this app all the time, but now when I open it, it automatically syncs my contacts.  I tried turning it off several times, but it turns itself back on every time I launch it.  I had to uninstall this app, and will not re-install it until this is fixed.
Good
I wished there was an option to give a zero rating. Its all because of a forced messenger.
Super slow.
Haro
I want to make exceptions on sharing. Do smth about this please
Its better make people together
FIX YOUR PROB FB !!
Hazra
To   Share. With. Friend. And. Other
The new update "keep awake" function drains your battery. Be sure to force close after every use
Great app
Nice
Doesn't allow me to open up app. Fix
Shouldn't have to go to a separate menu to see the most recent posts on your news feed
Sanjay
Facebook
Very good
The best social netwrkng site ever seen...
Facebook keeps crashing. I have uninstalled and reinstalled twice now. It'll open, but once I click on anything (comments, someone's profile, etc.) it will crash. Please fix this!  **update** did a factory reset and facebook still crashes on my tablet.
Love it!
I have some reservations regarding with memory usage, wakelocks, sync schedule and above all its permissions.
Life is too short for this. Uninstalled.
Nice update! For those with white screen, just give it time after installing before starting app again.
Good
Quite
Facebook android app is not up to the mark ,is considerably slow but still atleast acceptable but the new update totally ridiculous ,i cant like any post what on earth dt happened plz update it resolve the problem...
Vishnu joshi
It is my favrite aap I like this app
Main problem is huge size
Love facebook
About fAcebook App
It won't let me view my photo albums.. it's annoying
I like this because nice app thank you Facebook because of you I have a more friends ,,,,,,,.......,
Is the best
STOP AUTOMATICALLY SYNCING !!! YOU DON'T SAY ???!! 1000 contact in my Phonebook in 2 Second ?? Are you kidding me ??
Nice
I have had to uninstall app over 6 times because it keeps adding all my friends on my contacts. Will rate 5 if fixed
You need better QAs... If you need someone, contact me... Lol that software regression with the update yesterday should not have happened.
Best app ever
Why we can't add a caption to the picture which we upload either as a profile picture or cover photo !! :/
Facebook helped me connect with my long lost friends.
this apps ok.. but.. sometimes it makes my HP lag.. please update new version that.. more faster and no lag.. But its good apps and I gave 3 star onnly
Good
Facebook
No good
Its great application on Google "Play Store" Tnx tanq so much.......
I like it
Like
Please don't keep this app running on background, even third party apps can' t terminate it. So even 500mb Ram users can use this thing
Very slow.pls try to give ur best
I like it
Nice
not installing app don't download mb waste
Wonderful.
It was good before the update. Now, I can't keep it from syncing my phone contacts. Deleted.
Wtf is going on? Fb keeps syncing into my contacts. Like seriously? I don't need to have my fb friends into my contacts. The ones I need are already in my contacts I don't need unnecessary people in my contacts either. Please fix this. Everytime I unsync this, the app restarts n when I sign bck in, everything gets sync again.
Good
.
This apps realy good
I love it...
Love
Finally I can use the app but please support it for the Samsung Galaxy s5
It's hard to trust the new messenger app. I will still use email to communicate or other media.
Then why you people forcing me
Sluggish,slow....as compared to apple facebook app..its damn slow..please fix it!!!
faster
Now it is not closing ..!! Why
Its little ok
Keeps crashing. Also support is rubbish. Facebook give a platform for hate. Reporting is rubbish.
I love this very much
its my best eva who? is face book
Wawo it's wonderfull app to connect the people!
App

Good app but works too slow..
Whenever I click the link to a reply to a post it never gets there. It just "spins and thinks" which is lame.
It will not let me upload pics to fb..only one... ill upload a pic but when i want to upload anoth it doesnt work. The progress bar in the nlnotification bar stops half way
Dont trt to force me to install fb messenger. I dont like it.
Excellent app far better than the bb Facebook app
wasting time
Works right I guess
U already know whats ur problem. Deleting the app.
great for keeping in touch wiv family n friends
No longer supports messages so I have to install a whole nother app just to view messages which apparently takes my info like this app is doing Smh fb I remember when it wasn't a money game to sell people information.
Takinggg so much of memory frm phone......too much hanging also.....Is this app of world's best social networking site ???
Good
Dont like a lot of the changes we're forced to make, but i love the purpose of facebook.
Kon mi joy mray !!!
Speed is very very good
Great way of communication. Helful apps! Grreat job!
good
Mast
It always hangs and force close
Running much smoother
Singh is King
Good
Quit changing my privacy and synch settings. If I want to share my info I will do it myself. I feel like I have big brother in my pocket now!!
My best wishes
Slamkkkkkkk
Good
It just keeps freezing up and updating
Nice
Way to slow in loading. I've tried everything ! I can go to my fb , tap my foot waiting on it to load. Ugh  ! I can also clean my whole house & be done & still pat my foot waiting. Other then that it's great, but who has all day to wait . Not me.... Unless Im on vacation. :(  ty fb.
Thanks
Awesome
Very good.............
Nyc Thanks
Says Can't find URI. PLEASE FIX IT
086779315
Dear Facebook;  I am  very tired of updating every other day, you see burning up my GB's . FIX YOUR DATA PROGRAMING TO LAST LEAST 2WKS OR MORE!!!!!
Very good
Its average
Good
use lot of my RAM.i had to uninstalled it
Keep syncing my friend list in my contacts and i keep changing the setting so it wont be there but it keep changing back on its own

It keeps syncing my contacts after I've unsynced them 10 times it's so annoying I'll just use my web browser its not as good as the app but it'll have to work.. Please fix this
Love it
Nice application
this app is very slow
galaxy s4
Nice
Kool!
Loved to be in touch with people..... this is there ....
Not that I was a big fan of Fb anyway but now I don't use it at all. My grandmother still likes it thou lol. Issues? Posts seen by a small percentage unless I pay to promote. Forced messenger and follow on by default. Let me chose who I follow. Let me use messenger don't oblige me. Ultimately, restricting posts coverage will affect in long term you more than us, the users. Bye bye Facebook.
Lovely app.
I am not like this
Facebook is very good to have u can find family, friends
Good
Facebook after recent update it realy fuckzzZ it crashing in every 30 sec do something
not good
Stop syncing my conatcys automatically
Nice
Blocked without any reason and only look at my wall daily...very poor
Nice app overall but when someone replies to my comments I cant see what he replied...Fix that and you get my five stars.
It good
World's best social media contact's
It. Is. Very. Good. App
Too much slow and i cant acces my acct . the facebook isnt responding
Idiot
Always shuts down without any reason
Vai
Keeps syncing my contacts i hate that
Its me and Amy
Really fb after the update I can only post to my wall...not in a group, not on a friends wall, only mine....EFFEN DUMB!
Nunca arreglaron lo del chat >:(
Doesn't respond quickly and smoothly...  Fix it
Seriously Facebook, stop changing the layout. - Sincerely, everyone.
Because you are forcing us to download messenger.
Important
Good
Excelent
G Maddy
Nice.
FINE APP
I absolutely HATE messenger, and hate how chatheads disappear randomly ALL THE TIME. We should beable to use Facebook messages on the Facebook app WITHOUT the horrible new messenger. All i have is problems with FB freezing, not showing my notifications, or showing my newsfeed and many other things... for an app by the richest and best social networking company in the world, you could atleast MAKE IT F--KING WORK AND DONT MAKE US USE MESSENGER!!!
I love Facebook
this app rocks, couldnt be more be more better
It takes so long to load and once it does load it freezes my phone. Plz fix or Ima delete this app
Sucks even more!!
Always freezes
Facebook
Love it
Best
St USA
I had to reset my tablet and lost the last version of the FB app that let me keep my news feed in chronological order as default. I NEVER want to see "top stories" option. I will keep rating this app at 1 star until "most recent" returns to being a default as opposed to a secondary feed I have to constantly select when I go into the app. WHY would anyone want to see their friends' posts out of order? I hate the app and I'm only continuing to use it because my friends are still all on FB.
Media sosial facebook.
James Bromilow
I love it
I thought the FACEBOOK ACCOUNT was the BEST of the BEST at one time. But sense I'm continuing to be DROPPED, or TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE due to CLAIMS by FACEBOOK. I'm a 100% Disabled Service Connected VETERAN with serious Medical Problems, and I have followed everything FACEBOOK requires from Terms, and Policies. Now I'm to take pictures of every peace of Identification including everything from Driver License to my Birth certificate. All my friends, and family use FACEBOOK for their needs.
Freezes all the time...
Best app
Keeps on syncing with my contacts and i keep having to change the setting back but auto switches it back to be synced.
Now I can't use Facebook. don't know what happens?
stop sync my contact to other!too slow!
Meny time hanking and slow plz improved Facebook
lov this facebook
Love it
Heavy app it hangs!
It always crashed.. just checking the newsfeed then it will crashed orclosed by itself, will post something or to someone, it will crashed again.. almost evry update this is what happen.
TAKE THE (SHARE) OPTION OFF WHEN POSTING SOMETHING ON FB!!!
Yes
I hate that it doesn't notify if u have a new message until you open the app...I truly miss my BB
Bekar hai sala download karne mai so gante lagte hai
done
Sainuu
I always use it.
This app is ok to use.
I use a samsung gt-i9003 and it wont log me in... keeps sayin connection timed out
IT GO HARD
I'll give 5 stars when you can go offline only from the mobile chat instead of both.
Very nice
Nice
Moethet
In the past 24 hours I have unsync'd my facebook. I do not want all friends on Facebook loaded into my contacts on my phone. Please fix this or I will be deleting the app.
Please this app keeps slowing down . what should I do
Excellent.
Loved it
Stop syncing my contacts with my phone!!!
Nice
its good but sometimes  it doesnt work so properly otherwise its amazing
cant install..unknown error code during installation - 24        ...kanasai lah...
Plz letest update
Why? I mean. Because facebook on android really sucks man. Please fix force stops crashes or anything that you say. Thank you
I have a newer phone and this either won't load or there are error messages all of the time.
Stop Syn all Facebook context numbers ! I hate it !! I found all contect numbers on my WhatsApp unlike you !!! I set many time disable Syn Facebook contect but it keep on Syning what the hell is this !! Very annoying unapreciatable !!
I play it all days .when I go back school.
I do not care about syncing my stuff. The dang spam dealing with Facebook, forcing people to get messenger. I hope someone else creates a better social media website.
Its more comfortable and reliability in speed
It is faster
It hangs up every time
good
It's ok
Like
Its an awesome app ...
Nirosanilanthi
IOVED IT
Why no box on profile so nobody can send friends request wast of time
It wow! I like it much
I will decide what I want fb  to access to until then I'll get my messages on my laptop
Best
Why do you keep synching my Facebook contacts to my phone?! It's set to not sync but it's doing it anyways. Sooooo annoying!
I DO NOT want to sync my contact's to Facebook!!!!! It is VERY annoying when I have to keep going back to reset my default to prevent this from happening... STOP!!!
Good apps for social activity
Ok
Now software automatically closed
Emoji when doing a comment
The new update fixed the contact syncing issue
Thanks
its awesome.. but newer version has its opening error or problem, whatever you say....
I have 1GB of RAM so no hangs and hiccups :)
Trouble loging in n out
Very helpful app. Great way to keep in touch with friends.
Just wish they would better yet alone. But I guess since its free....I can't complain too much.
Khatri
It take  tu much Time for loading. ..
Good
Yuppiii
Fvck its not working to my phone plss. Fix it now
Keeps on saying network error and a little bit slow, can't delete comments!! Please improve it
Don'like this new app. Too slow. I wan't the old one.
Best
Very nice
Got ASUS6 n MEGA 5.8 n got gr8 new update God speed page display however wud appreciate if can stop receiving annoying game request for specific games ( not all )
Photo can't download from own cover photo & profile pic. plz solve it
Una mui buena rason social
After installinf app my phone became slow. After it is uninstalled phone become normal.
The app is not working after the recent update i cannot log in or load feeds or do anything in the app please sort it out asap..
This app has so many issues.
Its basic social comunication. No big DEAL.y       :P
It's not good still works for me but it can b much faster
great way to keep in touch with old and new friends
Good
Hi
Guud apps
But also some one else
Like i like
I do not want to automatically sync Facebook with my contacts. There is an option not to, but it doesn't work!
Bring back "most recent" and remove "sync contacts" i dont want to sync contacts thanks just fb being nosey...
Very nice
app is not downloading -___-
I love u facebook
Awesum
It code be Bayer
I keep getting kick off facebook no matter what device i'm on. I try resetting everything and nothing works.
Faster enough
I post a video 4 times and it ain't showing it on fb fix this
Just updated, now won't open at all :-(
Brilliant
Suberb
App requires too many permissions.
:-D
Merge messenger with this app
Ok
Yes
The great app for social media
Best
Waw
Love it
¦Ð¦É¦Á¦Í¦Å¦É ¦Ð¦Ï¦Ë¦Ô RAM!
Gud
Ok
Its all over. The place to be is within
Yukuye bilmirem bu zibili
Useless application ..updates every 2 days ....wtf ..!........jxt wasting data n space
Its really really slow.
good
This app has improved tremendously.
Fine
facebook
Khatri
Koi frk toh pdta hi ni br br update krne se
Nice one..
I want to see all posts in order! Not just some, ALL, from all friends!
I always liked Facebook and didn't think bad of it until the update where you are forcing me to install messenger to see my inbox! I don't have space to keep installing extra apps that aren't necessary! It was better the way it was before that silly update. I would rate more if i could see my inbox. I don't have time to go to the official website browser to look at a message or two and i have no idea if it's important or not, family related or not.
A very good app
Facebook
This application could not downlode due an error.....what is the error I don't understand
Nice app
I love this.
When i use my skrin sudenly blank so i have to repeat to open.again n again it make me bored.i think it better no need to upgrade
Thank you.
Forced me to download fb messenger
Great app
Facebook
Plz
Aberash

When i use this app my phone gets often stuck... improve it!!
Nive
Nice
Everything is here on fb
i  don't like  setting  up  messenger  ok£¡ .. but  your  option  is  just  LEARN  MORE  And GET  THE  APP .. well  i  don't  need  messenger  in  fb but, i  can't  open  inbox  nor  read  messages  unless  installing  that  crap! bring  back  that  normal  fb inbox and  i give  you  additional  stars!!
Nice goog
Stop turning in Contact Syncing with every update.
So slow since update...:-[
After the update I can't use the app it says it's loading settings or something
Takes up too much ram on my m8. But great app tho. Would have given 5 stars otherwise
Wow awesome
hambaghal
Good
Facebook keeps wanting to sync information with other apps. I have unchecked the sync option and checked do not sync multiple times. Stop changing the settings I want to what you think is best, because they suck.
Best
I want you to fix bugs because it automatically closes
Idk why... but, no matter what I do FB keeps on syncing contacts!! Stop!!
Please please stop syncing my contacts
Nice,..
This new version always hangs and it so very slow in loading..
Needs Option To Check Other Messages Section!
Since update crashed on Me a handful of times get a blue screen and like a spinning circle timer saying please wait setting up Facebook when it is already done sits on blue screen for minutes saying app is being set up what a joke other thing is why is Messaging going to use FB messenger not the main app? Although I have FB Messenger on my phone signed in but minimized I click the Icon on My home screen much quicker than the main FB app now!
Running slow ..
Can't message back using the Facebook app, gotta download another app for that now.
Slowwwww
ja
Facebook keeps syncing my contacts and I keep setting it back. I don't want it to automatically  sync. I had to take the app off because of this. I have over 4000 friends and I do not need 4000 contacts in my phone. When you fix I'll give a better rating.
Gud one
Very slow and not updating.
Stupid
Pls repair
Its cool
Dhania
not that nice..
Facebook for IOS is so brilliant and Awsome why cant u make like that ?
Jgg
You're good at nice
Hmmmmmm
Good
Pens¨¦ que con la nueva actualizaci¨®n, la aplicaci¨®n dejar¨ªa de cerrarse inesperadamente. Sigue con la misma falla.
Good
GOOd
Good app
Y don't u just name this Facelog?
Liked it
Nice
Asthana atul
Make it more speedable nd also to have thee pages to loads faster
Contacts keep syncing, making my phone freeze up, and just slow! I'm about done with this stupid app.
App keeps crashing everi 5 min even when working in the background. It keeps poping a massage "facebook has crashed, woulbd you like to forceclose it?". Ive reinstaled it few times but nothing happens. Please fix it.
Fathallah
Pls fix the bug whr after I exit the app, it will still running in my background. Last few updates there is no such problem. So pls fix it.
i love it
THE STUPID APP I EVER HAVE. IT SAYS U HAVE TO UNINSTALL THE APP.SHAME ON U GUYS
Very high RAM memory process
Hey guys,what the hell is going on with fbook and messanger ??? After every update,things ar going even worse? Fbook and messanger are NEVER responding,and when they finally do,in a few minutes they are forced to close! Pleeease fix this asap lll its sooooooo frustrating !ll
Best
Yeah i know its good for communicate using a wifi

But why you have to force us to download/upload that facebook messenger?
Od Bayar  Batbaatar
love it!!*_*
I dont like u send me sms, stop, its drain my wallet
Appears to be fine, isnt really!!
N
I WILL RATE YOU 5 STAR IF YOU REMOVE THE STARTUP ASKING PERMISSION TO SYNC CONTACTS. ITS TOO ANNOYING!!! I DONT WANT TO SYNC MY CONTACTS. I WANT A PERMANENT SETTINGS. I DONT KNOW WHY EVERY TIME I LOGIN THE APP ALWAYS REQUESTING TO SYNC... OR ARE YOU UP FOR SOMETHING??? YOU DO THAT ON PURPOSE, DON'T YOU? I DONT THINK THE APP IT SELF IS TOO STUPID FOR NOT SAVING SUCH SIMPLE SETTING.
Cute
Thanks.....
Plz fix auto play video.
Takes for ever to load
Too slow
even if there's loads of memo in my phone,it just doesn't get's downloaded!!
Great
I do not want my contacts synced so why is this app constantly syncing my contacts?
Sangat memuaskn
gg
Its too gud way of entertainment
Good app
Sometime unable to upload video
It really help me a lot to find all my childhood friends.
Freezes slow and doesn't give me access to all my pics when I try to post.
Okayyyyy...
Cool
Why do I have to download Facebook messenger just to read messages
Something wrong with me
I try to download fb but its hard..
Its wow....
Like its better than jst waitin  on the web seriously
i wish it could b more fast...
Keeps shutting down
App works great speed and stability wise. For all the people complaining about the speed use should upgrade your outdated android device.
This was really nice. But, sometime it's hanging.
K
The application hanging and close forced nowadays after last updated my device is note 2
One of the best social networking
I have problem loading pics.
Fine
Facebook has a really big help for us. Thank u
Nice
Almost every 10 days an update and NO we don't want any synchronization so please stop asking.                                                     ARE U PEOPLE SERIOUS???  A 157 MB APPLICATION  UND ANOTHER 32 MB FOR MESSENGER. THAT TAKES A LOT OF RAM AWAY .WE HAVE OTHER APPS AS WELL A U MAY KNOW .THANKS
hard to download:-(
Good
And the constant changes to privacy policy.... think it might be time for a new social media app
App keeps crashing an closing out of itself, if you try to share or comment, it will go blank then boot you off an will not reopen to where you were. Very disappointed seeings i had used it alot on my nook an had wished to use it on my galaxy!
It should be a single app as messenger and social networking. Otherwise it's great.
Unable to reply to messages informed fb about this, and it freezes my phone
Can't log in, can't log off or can't log in at all. whats going on. I wished i never updated to this.
Every time I go into my phones contacts my FB has Synced all the people I'm friends with into my phone? Why? I haven't  gave that permission to do so. It keeps doing it and I would like if it would get fixed ASAP! Also why do you have to have my contacts, and ID info for updates? Now I can't even delete this app it doesn't give me that option? Well played FB well played!
Hi
No way to set default view to most recent and removal of messenger from app = 1 star.
Good job
Fabulous application
Vaibhav
Excellent
Full of ads
It's good for doing social things, but sometimes its laggy, and sometimes the screen just freezes and a message said "Facebook is not responding." Or I have to power off my phone and turn it back on again. Will change to five stars if it's fixed.
It's a so so app, which means sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.
This app SUCKS.. all it does is suck Personal data from you.
Good app
great feature, glad it finally got implemented, but heres the catch - IT DOESNT WORK. AT ALL. in the slightest. i hit stop notifications all the time in the hope it might one day work but it jsut doesnt. please fix! :<
Kidu
Better than the old ones.
Its perfect stop whining or gtfo
Is it a app from world's best social networking website....??? Sometimes it hangs .... sometimes it does not load... only stuck on my fb blue screen which says just a moment... or somtimes get totally black nd i hav to press home button to start back again..... not worth of star rating ... even den giving 2 ... ur updates are only adding features... plz do smthing about the speed nd loading time of the app.  ....
lndit
Until you allow messaging back into this app, I'm giving you 1 star. Why should I have to download the a separate app for messages. If people want that, then let them. But don't take the messaging function away from the main Facebook app.               Still doesn't always show the news feed in chronological order from newest to oldest. Also, I shouldn't have to download the messenger app to see my messages. 1 app for all of Facebook. I click on turn off notifications for certain posts, but still get them
:)
Fastest line
Good
Facebook keeps syncing my contacts even after I switched it off
I love it thankz
Its great app, but why after got an update, its cant play the video on it self. im using Xperia Z1. Plz fix this will give u 5 stars
Getting worse since update, jst don't update status's, you'll see a post and it will say that nobody has commented but then u click comment and there'll be loads of comments. HTC ONE M8
I have had this app for several years on my droid...and have never had a problem.  After my last "update" to the program my Facebook just randomly crashes for no reason. Any hope of this being corrected anytime soon?
It slows down my phone and always crashes down also consumes too much space.
Old facebook app look is better
After I've been scrolling down reading posts it suddenly goes to the top again, really annoying cuz I gota scroll all the way down. Sort it out FB
The links don't work with the new in-browser app settings.
Greatest app ever besides twitter
I will give it five stars when I get chat!
Thanks
Facebook
Its a shame that such a popular company would actively seek to take advantage of the fortunate yet weak-willed with such an app. This app, distracting employees and students leading to lost jobs and failed degrees, has left many below the poverty line. Uninstalled.
Sucks. Can't edit or delete status updates. Can't save photo without a screenshot. A button asking to sync comes up way too often, rather annoying.
It ok
Whats up with this?
Chaa gaya app
Loved it
Its mOre entertaining.
Itz awesome
Gets better and better! Ummmhummm... :-D
updated aways so it work verygood
So lag !
This app will not work on my tablet wat so ever!!!!!! Keeps crashing won't load!! Waste of space. better of going true Google to get to facebook
Boleh la dari xde..
Ke taba
Face book
Good
Keeps closing on its own. Running on a note 2 with kit kat
Lokesh
Very good app
This is a great app
Super like
Ok
Nice
So slow to open the apps after update.pls fix it
Cool
Good
Not good
Good
Better Performance!
Good
Play
nice one
Why the android one doesn't?
It is very good to use
Every update seems to make the app less stable; updates are very frequent. It's gotten to the point that I can't open the app at all, I just see the blue Facebook loading screen for a minute before it crashes. Since they removed messaging from the app, I've had to go to the mobile site via my phone's Web browser to reply to messages, which I still get notifications for in the app; very annoying. I won't install another messaging app on my phone. Two stars because the aesthetic design is clean.
Good
Wtf does fb need access to my PRIVATE text messages?  Invasion of privacy much? Not only that it's against my constitutional rights for privacy.  'Big brother' needs to back off and get a warrent first before they should get access to anything on my phone.
I liked
Can't open my account after updating..fixex it please
Good aapas
Every time I open the app, it closes. Have to use the browser.
It good
Its annoying you have to keep go ing  back and retap or go back and login
Cannot edit and doesn't allow for corrections or does not tag...Horrible app...nuff said!
Ncah apps
This app is too huge. Can i move it to the sd card so can free up some space?
Just hate the message system.  Why do I have to download two apps to do one thing. Used to be just fine
Mast
Best
Nice..  But use alot of data!
walang pinag bago parin sa Apps na ito ,subrang bagal. Ano ba yan. kakainis.
kirak
Good app, user friendly
Facebook

Download messenger? Spy on us? Wow
Is this sow awesome
Love it
Biswa
Dig amber singh
See above
It is built-in in Xperia c which eats up internal memory...after the update is start up is damm slow on tab....
Forces you to upgrade when they do!!!! I like the 1st fb app. & i hate that messenger bs... i dont want fb messages poppin up on my phone when im not on fb......
wwwwwooooow!!!!!
Just like so many other users, I use an older version & Facebook on my mobile browser. This app has to many faults/problems for me to install only to not get used taking up valuable data space. I would install & use this version & give it 5 stars if had 1 main page instead of 2, if the refresh option & the top stories/most recent option was added to this version
Y
My contacts will not sync up with fb?!?!
yogesh jain
Doesn't log out properly have to repeat log out 3-4 times!
Too many updates... Seriously eating up phone memory..
Why does it have to sync my contacts and fb info??? Noooooo just no!!!!
Much better with the new update. Thank u for the fix.
Grrrr good
Y
Amazing
Works perfect no hick ups. Since they added the feature for video auto play on WiFi only it fixed the extreme data usage. Need to make it like the desktop version where you have a quick link to go from top stories to most recent.
Nice
Stupid app keeps syncing Facebook contacts in my phone and every time I change it. It change it self back.  Like really!!!
Lags to much
iam sick of these pages that i've never liked and appears on my home page every f***ing day. please apply a security thing to remove such annoying spams
Its fantastic
Good
I'm a mothafuckin boss!!!!!
Could be 5 but for messenger.
Ui is same as old one. Make it faster and more useful. UI sucks... I wish Facebook ui was like g+'s :/
Very friendly and helpful
Setting up ...just a moment is always  showing if open FB...very irritating...
Good
When you make such a big app allow it to move to Sd card .... Giving me memory problems ...
Supper app
Nice application but there is some laging also. Finally its gud app
Very good.
Its sad we don't have a choice if we want to sync fb contact. I'm so not pleased.
For new version
Love d way it is
Lol
Please fix it. It has been third updates and I'm still having issues with this. Apps crash in the middle of scrolling news feed
I like this :)
Update after update you have been pushing 'Top Stories' down our throats! Dear Facebook, we HATE Top Stories!! PLEASE allow us the option to default the News Feed to 'Most Recent', especially since you are now hiding this option in the right menu. Open the app and it's back to 'Top Stories' again AAAAARRRGGH!!
Over lover
Cannot open
Really good one... Thanks for this app.
Keeps closing everytime.
Stop the auto sync contact...i had to delete 1k contacts from fb when i turned off the sync...bullshit
Consumes more RAM up to 60+ MB
Hhhh
Great app's
Suka
Bloody waste of my time,  crashes constantly  and get get a anything done on the app
Great Social...
Having issues while refreshing. Does not loads Quickly and lags as well
Can u add a feature for viewing most recent status updates not top ones
Yo... Wahgri
Previously I was able to move app but now I can't. This app eats lots of space over 100mb. So its required to transfer the app to external SD card. If you provide it then I will give 5 stars.
Nice app
Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  the pictures are too bad :( i can't read some memes from 9gag
It just don't want to work on my phone... Frustrated
I don't want to install facebook messenger so please stop forcing me to install it!!!
Makes my memory drained by this apps. It always been update. Request and always request !
Why is that?? It's very loading and always setting up the Facebook.. Hmnp!!! Why can't I download any videos??? Huhuhu
I like this apps
I can contact anyone
If you want a good Facebook app then stop making me have.to install messenger so I can se my Messages. I do not want to install it because I have heard alot of bad reviews on it. Such ad locking it up...Hacks....etc. I would install it if you would take away some of the app Permissions like Camera/Microphone You can still install it witgout all the personal information. Due to this I rated 1 star
Super
good
Good job
I have decided to delete this app cause the contacts keep syncing,  when I don't want them to.  I have changed the settings like 8 times still it syncs.
Too many updates & very little difference. App is way too slow. Have to use the phone browser instead.
Good
Its good
The app was perfect until the updates came in, the updates are making the app worst everyday. The app always says 'setting up facebook' and 'just a moment' everytime I try to use it and it takes a freakin 5 minutes just to use the app... uninstalling!
Facebook and whatsaap
Oyarifa
Ok je
Keeps telling me I have a poke when I do not...  AND NOW  tell me that I chat  messages when I don't. And I can't get  rid of it.. even when I go to check the message or try to check it with Facebook messenger.
it updated twice or more but still the same..no progress! still crash when i search..tap posted photos..update status..even my own wall i can't view it!..,facebook sucks!..i uninstalled it...such a waste of time and device's memory!...
Very good
Ahir Vijay
Very nice
This is the fourth time in less than 24 hours I have had to go back into the app settings to remove the sync option from my account. I have never wanted anything from Facebook synced so stop making this the new default. Time to delete this app and go back to desktop version. Ridiculous updates.
Add page feed
Everyone here
Cool
To download facebook messenger by forced is so annoying, thats way i told my friends to not message me via facebook and encourage them to chat me using another messenger apps
ok
I love it
Going to be an awesome person...
I love it because we can share photo,chat with friends and make friends with other friends
Logistics Manager
Easy to comment
why don't u update for andriod everyday or every hour?
onk moja
I dont like when facebook syncs my friends list to my phone contacts ...its annoying
Oke gitulo
Love It Maintain The Good System
lame s**t, slow as f**k, bugs and crashes all the time, doesn't even have chat no more, now you need to install messenger, also videos are invisible.

Good
facebook
ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCK
Every new update brings in new world so its too much fub
Easy to use to keep in contact with relatives and friends
Like an old FB
032005
Nice
Slow and crashes very often
Sip... mantap
Constant updates and never any better,constant problems which i frequently report and yet they continue:-( not impressed at all!
Taking too long to open.... closes on its own....
papu kumar
Facebook
bat palaging not responding
Thanks
Super
I cannot find the tag remove option
Awesome!!!
Too slow..
Very good app!
Very nice app
Six
Pretty good.
Facebook
Feacbook oppan
Sangat baik
his the best in super social midya app
I like face book
Too slow app
Verry ok
Hightails
I love
Since last update, app goes into setting up each time I run it. (Newest update solved the problem.)
Doesnt work on HTC desire HD phone never did have to go into the  app to see if got any notifications also sms notification doesn't work either which I have also set up correctly with unlimited notification from Web and or mobile messages from Facebook  would uninstall if  could find another app I have tried mostly all
Plzzz fix it as soon as possible.... What the helll..... Plz dont install it
Well I can open facebook on a phone
Memuaskan dan ok
Facebook is the best
Suddenly after my new update my fb crashes n automatically closedown my fb... dammm slow n fix it now....!!!bad update
1) News feed doesn't load 'tap to reload'. 2) Random crashes whilst doing different things.                                                                 3) Constant updates, do it right the first time??                                                             Come on! Get it right for once! Maybe if you spent more time fixing existing problems and less time creating new ones then this would be 5 stars...
Good app
Ajit
My daughter  love useing FB
Love it
Great app keeps me connected with my friends and family. Up dates were nice to. Thanks so much!.
Hey!!! My timeline photos is GONE on my Sony Ultra..WHAT Happened?!! PLEASSEEEEE FIX!
Good
B.M.
Its working now it ok but a bit boring xxxx
Great
For an older version
:)
C'mon man y is the messenger separated????
I dont want my fb profile & info automatically appear in my friend's phone contact
Nice
Facebook is good for your help in social media
Too slow for 512mb RAM handheld
Whenever someone  update  there pics I can see that on my homepage  but on the fb Msg side  it shows  me the  old pic and really  disgusting  app takes  loads of  data to start and very slow
For older version
Samsung galaxy tab 4

Shamim
There is to much crap on Facebook and making changes or deleting is so difficult. I use this for family and friends communication only.  The other stuff is garbage.
Have a fun....
It is a good source to search good friend
Updating everyday ?? what for !! this app just will be the same anyway... it just consumes a lot of mb.. And the sync contacts ?? i just changed it a MILLION times !! but still auto-syncs. Need to Uninstall
Nice
faizann
Very Good
Like it
Still cant play video. :(
Brown
Hgmmb
Good
I cant download any video from this version
Greater app..
Latest version is too bad
What the hell is going on? Since I updated this app, I can't open my act anymore and if it opens it suddenly STOPS! I thought this latest update would become better but its getting worse! Pls fix it before I rate u 5 (EXCELLENT) Tnx!
Now it works fine.
like this
Can't use it closes all the time, samsung galaxy tab 3
Thanks
Anil
I am loving this app
Its good but it doesn't work on slow connection... n more costly
Why I can't upload videos the size of the video was 7mb.I can't upload even I use wifi or mobile data allocation
Can't see foto and give life in candy crash
NICE
Now i use messenger£¬no next time
Very  sweet
This new update's wonderful
Cool
Jana
rai
Please fix the problem, cant open news feed or comment.it always closes. Not happy
It's a great way to stay in touch with family and friends; it's like a window where one can see the manifold colors of nature.
after the update, i cant open the app totally. it will just say "setting up facebook" then closes. every time you update you only optimize for high end devices. you should focus on low end devices, if the app runs smoothly on low end devices, how much more fluid will it run on high end devices? you should think that way. geez devs get dumber and dumber. instead adding a buggy feature, why not optimize it til no bugs are found? i hate this app. the crappiest app of all.
VeryGood VeryGood
wow
I've clicked not to sync my contacts and had to uninstall the app to get all the Facebook contacts off my phone. I've fixed it in my account settings and the settinggs in my  phone, but yet it still syncs every 15 mins. If i wanted those contacts I'd sync them myself.
Pics not opening complained many Times hopeless
If look to me  l look to you
Why do I need a separate app for messages?
On my moto g, it is hanging too many times....
Love and love
I love this app
y updating no changes desame aplication it only slow all the system and consuming of space in the fone
All the it does now is crashes. May be time to turn to Twitter
FB mobile web > FB app
So nice
Last update you give us the opportunity to watch our videos in the photo section, this update has taken it away again..what's going on? Another update still not sorted..
Cool..!!! It is working good after the updates..!! Good job...
It won't load any pictures. I just can't see any single image.
Great
cant u improve it,it sucks
Nice
Manish
Amazing app

I love this!
Please uhh! Its make my cellphone log ! When i click this up -_-
Its awesome app for Facebook.... Every android should have dis
great
Need a little improvement
Make something interesting
No where to run
Good by
Updates every week why??????
Developers where the heck r u? There are a lot of complaints in the comment section. After the last update it always crashes now. I am using a samsung tab3 10.1 upgraded to kitkat 4.4.2. One thing it doesnt give us an option to allow the auto sync to our phone/ tab or not. now that i have stated u my prob.its your turn now to fix this. And for god's sake please do reply this comment and give us an update. Please dont ignore us. We deserve better.
Nic
mexton
Opened the app like 10 times n its crashing with an error!
Contact sync should be optional. Also, don't like being forced to install a message application
I love this app
Thats great way to be in contact with friends fimily and different people around the world to know each other
Surely you can add a default setting for latest news? Sick of having to go to the main menu....also u still cant turn off post notifications
Always closes on it's own.  Need to fix and will get better ratings.
Just upgrade effective tools
Adf
Well Done.
Facebook !?;%
Mohit Divish
facebook rule!!!!!!
I use face book evey day and night
Good one
Its great
Its ok
Good app
Good
Love it
Getting better.....
Love is Love
Yuck this app is terrible pls fix or I'm not downloading it ever again
When I select comment on a post it keeps dropping back to the home screen on my Galaxy Tab3. Tried uninstall and reinstall but no improvement.  I have now uninstalled it again and access Facebook via Chrome. Not the best way but it works.
This is the only app you can get to.know or keep up with your friends and close relations
Cant logout
Not that bad
Wont update!!!
Its great
Amzing
Need chat option back...
Good
I hate "top stories"  why is "most recent" not what we see first!!!?? Why give us the option to stop notifications if the option is disabled!? Also why do I have to use a different app to manage my FB pages and messenger??? So f*ching stupid!! I'm going back to the internet version.

No recent posts can be seen. Piece of $h*t. How is my feed showing posts and updates from sunday?! Its already Wednesday! Even under "most recent" nothing is recent. Been like this forever. This is why I never use Facebook anymore.
For me it's the most useful app after Whatsapp. I'd recommend Facebook developers to make it more hardware efficient, though it is far better than before. I expect better performance in future...
Brillant for keeping contact sevices very fast....
Very good
Best
Raised the stars back up since messenger is working on the normal FB app again for me. Hope it's not a limited time thing.
Nice
I love I love everything about it.
Sindhu
Best ever
Cool
Nepali
Its very nice
Sucks. Crashes every time I try to open app. Thought new update would fix problem but it did not
Goldleaf
Can chat with friends
Like it
H
I t is cool and free app
Good 1
Good
Nasirjan
Wari
Sayang
Pengalaman bersosial yang baik sekali dengan aplikasi ini.
Good
5stars
Theres plenty different things to do,- Like it or don't.
Its really slow n I did not like the upgrade
Micromax A89
Bagus..
Mokka
The best ever!
Nice
Why does Facebook need to sync my phone contacts?? This needs to change. It's an app, it's got nothing to do with my person contacts.
Stop syncing my contacts. I've tried everything imaginable to fix this and nothing has worked. So fix it. Deleting the app. I have no use for 700 and some odd contacts... That I got without my permission. Not a fan.
Excellent
Facebook
good..
It has been 4 months since i bought my tab 3 and i hate using Facebook with it. Every once in a while i delete the program and reinstall hoping for an improvement but nothing gets better.
B
I don't have yet translation facility. why? ?,.it's very poor network. I am totally fed up with FB.
IFK
.
B
Low process
Jordaar
It is easier to access the facebook.. But the app always consume ram even though there is no connection..
[[f9.angry]]
I cant send friend requests plus i cant even hit like on some post , FACEBOOK IS GETTING CRAZY
More
Very nice
Good  facebook
This new update automatically syncs contacts. Lost count how many times I've removed it.
When I used it It return to my homepage
New update forclosing !!! I cant easily access my account..
Still keeps stopping unexpectedly and it's driving me crazy!! Please fix it!
Viz
THEY ARE VERY INTERESTING AND FACEBOOK IS VERY HIGH SOCIAL APP TO IAM GIVE ONLY 4 STARS
I A  Using Micromax Unite 2..And It Has Only 1 GB For Apps.. Please Make It Movable To Sd Card Then I'll Give 5 Stars.. Thank U.
Sadab
Nice
High memory consumption..
It's not showing scheduled posts

Perfect
Mahol
Family
When you roll out sticker comments jut like in iPhone ios? Hope, it will come soon. Thanks FB!
Very bad update on 14 October 2014 makes my Note 2 horribly slow and Facebook when in the foreground even worse.
Synced all contacts rubbish
This update is automatically syncing the contacts. I don't want it to. Had I wanted it to sync then I would have opted for it in the first place. Fix it !!!!
Won't work this is a rotten app shame on you
Good app
On my tablet and android phone the Facebook app keeps closing the games and messages I'm using and going black and then takes me back to home screen.  On games i loose lives and while sending a message it will drop it and gone to home page.  Please help or fix!
its nice to have like this fb but i cannot download.
hj
Soo good
its a superb app
pardeep
Very nice
Bus normal hai ziyada khas nahi
I updated my Facebook now it won't log in again on my tecno R7. Fix this bug ASAP
It is a Management Consulting with quality services.
Fuking sync contacts
Very nice app
Facebook provides  us an open stage to upload  our thoughts ideas views  opinions  and works,also  for lot of knowledge and informations to get in a nice way .
Very good
Awesome appp

24
goodT_;-)
Not good version than old one its hang plz do something better than this
Got to love it a little better every update :)
Top
Facebook
Very good
Awesome
The new update keeps syncing my Facebook friends with my contacts in my phone. Even changing the settings to "don't sync" doesn't work. It just defaults back to sun contacts. FIX THIS!!!! LG G3 user/lover
Please fix this! Ever since I have updated the app, It goes out and when I clicked it again, it kept on force closing. Not really a good app at the moment but PLEASE try fixing the bugs. I dont want to keep on clicking the app just to surf fb. It is annoying a lot of people. I hope you guys can fix this problem soon. Thank you.
Suprub
I
I like this cause this gives more options to writer's in general.  So much learning one can obtain if the author wishes to produce the best for their readers.  Pamela Cruthis Holyfield. Author
nlce speed galaxy note3
The Facebook app has a tendency to get jacked up sometimes as soon as I open the app.
No matter how many times i delete sync data, turn off sync. Next minute it automatically syncs contacts to my phonebook. Irritating !! >.<
Tnx
ok
How do you unsync your contacts!!!!!!!
Awesome
New update automatically syncs Facebook contacts. Even unchecking sync contacts it would still sync them. Finally just deleted the app because that's not what I wanted
I dont need sync contact s......it making me mad....
It is working slow I want fast then I give 5 rate.

Good to our daily lives
Good on
Alrighty
Latest update blows. It doesnt load it work not even half the time
**-For people with freezin problem-** delete the update- Quick shut down phone wait 20sec then keep pressing startup button even when the startup title popups your phone will shutdown again then startup normaly download the update E'Voila fixed <3 Thanks to FrenchHackingTm-**

There is a solution for this stupid thing. Goto application then goto app setting in facebook app there is a last option in the list there you can turn it off and all facebook contact will be disappear from your contact.
MU PHONE FROZ AFTER INSTALLING THIS APP...TRYED UNISTALL AND REINSTALL APP....PHONE DIDNT FREZ BUT RUNS VERY SLOW AND KEEP GETTING ERROR MESSAGE SAYING DORCW CLOSE...UNINSTALLING FOR GOOD
Gd apps

but 2 problems.. 1. videos automatically play when on the news feed and 2. I wish when it updates the news feed it does not jump to the top of the page for me to scroll down, it would be better to scroll up from where I left off :)
Really fb???? This is soo annoying the fact that fb automatically synced all my fb friends to my phone contacts like wtf??? Can I have that option at least? ? Hell nawww deleting this bs
Easy
Keeps closing on my Tab 3.
It's ok
Facekook open selvakumar.sk257 @gimil .com
Awesome
WHACK!!! Why everyone of my Facebook friends phone number is in my contract list!!!!

I really hate that annoying feature otherwise fb app is a 5*
Setting up Facebook is all I can get out of this crap.
The ap randomly keeps closing.  I can't scroll through more than 3 posts before it shuts down.  I do not like the feature that starts playing video clips before you click on it.
Love it
Very fast facebook
Good
Works great
NYC app easily accesible
The facebook app has and will always suck. Now we need 2 apps just to message people. You suck. The messenger app is garbage btw.
Like
Uninstalling it!!! This is horrible!!! Forcing facebook contacts to sync on my phonebook?!?! I really don't like it! Why not just stick to not syncing the fb contacts! I've done everything but still it syncs again and again! I dont need that facebook names on my phonebook!!!
I get kicked off all the time?
love it....
I have a samsung galaxy tab 3, app closes when you open it. I have uninstalled and reinstalled. Still doesnt work properly. Please fix this!
App keeps forcing Facebook contacts to my phone book getting real tired of Facebook pushing stuff on to us. This is getting ridiculous
This app is very large if compare to my galaxy y        i can't  install in mob. due to insufficient memory. Taking 60mb from my mob. To install.
Cool..
great
I wish to be low on memory
Needs to be fixed,  5 stars if u fix it
Everytime i log in,it just keep on saying that i entered a wrong password...and one more thing,i cant change my password...
Nice
Works fine, but it's kinda slow.
yu are good
slow
I had to uninstall the app, doesn't open.  Keeps saying wait a moment. Now I have to use browser to view fb.
Fb messenger sucks. Get it back!
Good
i am having a difficult time opening it.It takes so much space ,since downloading have not had access to my page?:-(
I hate the new updates. If your ppb the "most recent" tab, then you see nothing else. Stop changing the app and stop stealing my information.
There r good and bad things in Facebook
Awesome
Love this facebook
Best gilerrr..
Of course !!! Its facebook
Very good. I love it
Iloveit
Its okay mines work fine. just not a fan of it keep updating.
love life
Loved it
Is that what people want? cant unfollow posts, when you attach an image there no way of looking through folders as theyre all in one big list (and not everything shows up) and the adverts seem to have become more frequent. its not what facebook was meant for. facebook used to be about being as editable and personal as poss. p.s. stop trying stupid sh** out on us and ask us what we want ;) [I pretty much use it as a news stream with the likes of huffpost and russel brand updates now]
Ghp
It suck too much
Just says setting up face book... And has the wheel of perpetual nothingness just spinning and spinning and spinning
Needing 2nd app for messenger makes no sense. Though I should be thanking the crap app. I spend even less time on it now.
I'M HAPPY I GOT it BUT TO MUCH SPACE
Easy
I install it but it say error ??? =,=
The facebook app refuse to open past one week now
App update auto sync contact?....i removed app fb, mesenger and use fb on web browser
Facebook
Superb
Add the feature of text cut and copy.
It is nice
It takes to much time to log me in and it takes even longer to log me out
Nice
Wen i touch to play videos it automatically exit out of the app.. Very worst update..
Hate it!!
Good
Poor performance
Only a bullshit i prefer old version instead of this app not working at all...
Will not work!
Facebook is Ok but I think It Needs Improvment
Shajahan
Crash
new
The terms of service give Facebook way too much access to the privacy of my phone. If there was an accept option before each time Facebook accessed my calls, texts or anything else, I'd be ok with it.
Crash
Thanks a
Goes back asking again and again please rectify
I loved it
Ly
I love it
Iv cheaked out a new sociak app, called google plus, fix it or im deactavating all together
When I take  picture from the facebook camera it wont open neither save on my phone , plus when I put a picture from my phone the effects that appear in iPhone don't appear on my Android.
Good
It keeps adding my facebook contacts and check my sync and said nothing was sync
If i have to turn off the auto sync on facebook ONE more time I'm deleting the app all together. These updates are getting ridiculous.
Adipoli
Waiting..

Links do not open in chrome.
Very very good
;)
Good
Don't know y i cdnt install Facebook wtf
OMG! just done new update and its worse than before. Facebook are you reading our reviews??? Keeps shutting down. Obviously STILL NOT compatible with android 4.4.2 on my tablet.
Cannot open messages it asks to instal messanger, which I prefer not to instal to save some space.
All you complainers shut up go cry else where.this app is. Great you just suck at working it
Don't want all my friends on Facebook on my phone! Please fix!
good.
This app keeps sync my Facebook contact on to my phone I hate it
Stuck on sync with existing contacts. I HATE that with a  passion. If you take it off, it reverts back. Updated twice already with that same f*cking issue.
Time pass

Forcing me to instal face messenger. I refuse!!!!!!! Die stupid inginerrrrrrr !!!! :-)                            -10 for facebook!!!!!!!
Every seince our hurricane u guys suck cause u can neva get login n updating sucks cause it eats away at my batterie
sometimes its freezing plz fix this problem and I will rate 5 star....ok and also its automatically out in apps. and also I can't open my massages when  the time  i installed the messenger ,and also I can't comment in posted feed.....fix it ty
Very nice
Every time i open  the app it works for about 5 min then closes
I like that
Awesome
It doesn't allow you to copy status
Why does it have to sync phone number?  So annoying.  Please fix it!!!!!!
Battery drainer
Freezes all the time every day...this is getting really old...Facebook needs to fix this fast and NOW!!!!!
Good
Every time I try to click something it shuts down. And if you don`t already have a Facebook account,  don't start one. You can't delete it once you start it. Worthless waste of time.
No page is opening after the update if i try to open any page the app shuts down
Facebook
Love this very much
It a perfect thing
Awesome
hate dis
This application is a very good its made my kif easier. Thanks google play store for such a marvelous services.
.gengm.mgajdmamjgjwdadgjtxagm
Automatically contacts are sync please improve it and as we can save images from "SAVE IMAGE"  Option so please give this type of option for video downloading also. Please add this features so user can download video easily.
Excellent App
Nic aal
How yal gonna make us use messenger when the s**t don't even work??? Yal need to do away with it. The old way is better...fb do better
Stalls so often upon opening.  Freezes when posting comments.  And constant garbage updates. Smmfh. Also, how about an update that can block those annoying game requests? Too much?!?! [Xperia Z2]
i like it
I
Good one
Sempurna
Like
Any copy story u can't post to ur status.
When the I log in facebook takes atleast a minute. I'm out of patience 
Gr8 app I wish if I can copy a post and share bcoz sometimes share is not visible
good application..
Cool
Stays in top story view. Freaking give me an option to view it in order and it actually stay that way geeze I shouldn't have to dig through menus to click this view every time
I like it.
Now you too can have your privacy invaded and your personal details sold to advertisers, and be constantly bombarded with scams from your gullible, scammed friends on the go! All straight from your phone!  I have closed my account and have moved to Google+. Haven't had a single problem since. And I recommend others move to g+ also.
Its automatically syncing my contacts. I've had to go in and get rid of them 6 or 7 times at least. Sick and tired of it
Good
juta di mar fb re
Wonderful and Exciting Experience
The new update sucks!! Very annoying apps now!! I prefer the old version ...
Nice app to all
I like this software
If I wanted my contacts synced with Facebook then I would do it, but I don't. I've changed it to not sync at least 5 times within the last 24 hours. I'm on the urge of completely getting rid of my Facebook.
Plz fix the problem where I dont have problems logging in without Facebook syncing my stuff!!!
Full of bugs

facebook always stop
Not a good app. It always crashes after some time
Love it lots
Synced my facebook contacts, now I'm deleting thousands of people who I don't want from my contacts! And especially trying not to delete my friends and familty because of this! Fix this!!
Pls. Fix it
Ha ha yeah
This new update crushs alll the time and realllly annoying ..fix it plz
Good
Stupid Facebook keeps syncing my contacts, even after I keep selecting it to off!  I deleted the app and might be done all together...  If I wanted certain settings on, I would keep them on!
Like everyone else says. Keeps syncing friends. Samsung Galaxy S3
The app keeps closing!! Even after I updated it!!
Slow
Freezes all the time, not worth the trouble
More quick and faster than old version of fb.
Facebook, could you at least give me the opportunity to accept or deny the fact that you just sync 300 Facebook friends onto my personal phone contacts.
Fast
I love it
Love the app works just fine
You have to go into your setting at hit "Recent" to see new crap! Please, fix the app.
how can i use my facebook. evrytime i open. alway force close .... wtf
nice
Like
This App not working on my android phone..
Could have updated and made it much more slower now this makes this update suck! It says setting it up then says just a moment and automatically closes and if opens it takes about 10 minutes I have uninstalled it
Facebook Messenger
Facebook keep syncing my contact. Even i off the auto-syn
Every time I share a post it is no longer showing in the news feed.  It is only showing on my wall. Not happy about it. Fix it please!!!
not work for me #@
I was able to contact my family, friends everyday..no homesickness. Feeling at home..!
Not enough space!
Facebook
STOP SYNCING MY CONTACTS
Marven
000
Stupid apps... why sync my contact automatically? It is so irritating... simply change ppl setting... stupid apps developer...
Great app. Friend me Bridget Clark  Louisiana
I appreciate about Apps.to my friends.
It force closes
Gaiakwad
The app in overall is good, but needs a lot of changes like refreshing and updating aren't happening fast enough. There is a lag.
Like it
The best
I dont want everyone from fb on my contacts list. I dont want to undo sync every half hour but now I'm forced to. Merge with messenger again and realize that some of us really do like thinking for ourselves.
Works proper now..!!!
Automatic sync. Avoid this update.
Good luck keeping the Facebook app open with the latest update.  If you are lucky, you can scroll through a few posts. But be careful where you touch--get too close to a post and the app will crash.  Stop fixing what isn't broken, and fix what is...THIS APP!
OK but not fine for general constant use on mi phone.. Uses way the hell  too much Ram 
Good
I love this app. Since my browser is slow, its so much better to just go on an app and not have to search. Its all right there.
Facebook!!!
Good
This is pathetic, why dont you people make Most Recent Stories as default?? For the 1st time I was Impressed with the new UI then again Depressed with the Functionality.. Please take the users reviews seriously....
Well.
Good but not best
Nice n fast
I like it
A month ready also haven answer my question    Why my Facebook  always connection lost?why like this?
Supeb
Awesome App
Pls dnt forcing me to download the apps....messenger stop to send me the apps......
App
The placement of the search box doesnt fit after updating into free data
In message window it shows no connection
What a unique portal to be connected to loved and dear ones 24/7. Using it is my fashion statement.
New version has lots of problems like even on profile picture. Wont open to change profile pict. Sucks! ! We need older version..it's also blincking black . Need to improve this update and fix problems. And nobody does anything and has been 1 monthw since o posted this message and nothing yet. ..im soo mad. .
The go to app for social media
Settings for it not to sync but it does it anyway!  Facebook will now be deleted until this is fixed!
The app is good an all but lately its been syncing contacts randomly.  I go in and choose do not sync, yet it still does. Fix please.
Good
Good
Please do not auto sync fb contact!!!!!!!!!!!
Stop syncing my contacts with facebook!! It's getting to the point to where I want to throw my phone in a lake!!
Best app

Total crap app it just gets worse and more pervasive with every update. The biggest security risk ever and also the most invasive trying to have access to all your data, phone, text, email, and browser records. Also trying to force you to only use their other apps that are equally invasive of privacy and security risks. Devs at Facebook must have learned everything they know from Microsoft.
Good app
I don't like the updated Facebook app it says "facebook set up" spins like that for like 10 mins then crashes and its starting to get real annoying.
Doesn't even work..very time consuming.,is not loading,always stucked at "setting up facebook & "just a moment" part...plz.fix this.
Faster acces fb
Since the most recent update I no longer receive a notification sound when I receive a notification!
Still can't even edit or view videos you've uploaded. This feature has been available on the iPhone for months now...just one of many things that shows how lacking the android version is and how far behind too.
Awesomw
I hate facebook
Keep getting error loading newsfeed and nothing else loads either..app doesnt work
I really don't want to download another app, but I can't read my messages without the Messenger app.
This app never works right, hate it!!!
I open facebook on my galaxy tablet 3 and it opens them suddenly closes . Fix this. Or this constantly freezes on me. I uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing works fix this and I might consider reinstalling this again. I am not happy with this at all if I could rate this a half a star I would ...
For a reason i don't know my Facebook application doesn't show me the photos! What can I do! ?
Drains my battery way to fast
Bernard
It logs me out of Facebook EVERY TIME I shut off the sync with my contacts off.   If I wanted my contacts sync then I will do it.   FIX it! I shouldn't have to be forced to do something I don't want done on MY phone.
Facebook
There should be an option to make Most Recent or default of choice.  Would also like to tag pages we follow in posts.  But I like the easy option to unsubscribe from notifications when we comment on stuff.
Why doesn't Facebook go for cloud compression yet?
Its great
Redo this app, it blows ,pops out ...
Mr.
It keeps making my phone close everything & I can't even open some apps like scrabble!!
PJ
I did not give Facebook authorization to sync my contacts every time it updates. This is a privacy violation. Just knowing that Facebook can access without my authorization different areas of my phone is concerning. Also, every time Facebook updates my phone crashes-completely frustrating.
I like it
Becomes unresponsive while playing videos
I can't sign on at all... Please help!!!!!
I disabled this option but each time i connect to internet it enables automatically again and again and again.... resolve it.
Good
I like very much
Myta nndot
You need to turn off sync Facebook friends to your phone in settings
It crashes as soon as I start scrolling down the news feed. Needs to be fixed ASAP!
One star!!! THIS SHXT IS BEYOND FRUSTRATING! EVERYBODY DOESNT WANT THEIR CONTACTS SYNC'D AUTOMATICALLY TO THEIR FB PAGE. MIND U..BEFORE IT WAS MANUALLY SET, OPTIONAL. NOW, ITS MADITORY AN AUTOMATIC..U FUCCIN PPL HAVE IT WHRE WHN WE GO 2 APP SETTINGS AN TRY CHANGIN IT TO REMOVE SYNC, IT FORECLOSES AN CRASHES ON US..WTF IS THAT???? CHANGE THAT SHXT ASAP! && FOR MESSENGR, CREATE A "LOG OUT" BUTTON INSTEAD OF US HAViNG TO UNISTALL THEN INSTALL AGAIN! BILLION $$$+ COMP SMH FIX THIS! THANKS.
Yo qujero saver. Que le paso a
Awesom
Facebook on Samsung tab 2 all facebook does is crash every 5 sec
Edit: The silent update to version 19 fixed the Setting Up issue for me. -------------------------------------                          As of the October 9 v18 update the Facebook app still does the "setting up" thing everytime you try to open it. Obviously, someone broke the app after version 17. You had one job!!!
HAVE YOU EVER READ OR CHECKED FACEBOOK USERS 's feedback.. i got the same problem with the other facebook users .  It doesnt work at all ...after installing , i opened it just noticed me setting up facebook.. i just waited for a while and then it automatically closed ...
Cool
Facebook
Constantly crashes. Several updates have not fixed it. Deleting off my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
Absolute POS. I don't want anything from FB to sync to my phone & I click "Do Not Sync" but it still does sync. & when I fix it, all my contacts from FB are still there in my phone, in which I can't delete or remove permanently bc it just goes back to how it was & adds the contacts back in. Absolutely annoying. FIX THIS.
this app was very good
Can't post status updates,  look at pictures or make comments on anything without the app closing. Please fix.
Great
Facebook
I really like it
Hate this update!! Synched all my Facebook contacts to my phone! If I would of wanted that I would of done it myself! Not pleased!!
Silent wordssssss
love it
this is a all pipole need this apps your full life gif a friens you beby mising buth facebook no
Facebook constantly closes on me when trying to view post or when I'm trying to go to my home page.  I'm about ready to leave Facebook.
I have it set to don't sync, but it every single day it asks to sync via notification
Galaxy tab P1000
I keep unsyncing my contacts from the app and it keeps syncing them to my phone. I am so annoyed. I don't want my Facebook friends on my phone contact list.. I have tried fixing it like 20 times and it keeps going back. Please fix
Awsome
Fb sucks..says loading fb. Or fb not responding. Over it...
I wish that no loading process
I cannot do a copy n paste... Please advice me
Good
Every time I click on the icon, it goes to a blue screen with Facebook across the top, then says "setting up Facebook" but it never does. It just started this recently BC its been working fine up until now. FIX THIS ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Facebook is a joke make decisions for you that it shouldn't it's no longer worth using the having to have Facebook messenger as a separate app no one wanted that now after an update it downloads hundreds of contacts to my phone with out even asking
Go to app settings in Facebook app. There you can change it to do not sync at all
Thank you :)
Couldnt live without it
Chance
The new update keeps syncing my contacts with Facebook and I have to change it. And every time I open the app it syncs em again! Please fix!!
Home
Just Had 2 Reinstall It Cuz Every Time ID Go On THE net.fb Wud Pop Up N Ask Me 2 Log Back in, AND Now It Just Started Flickering Wen ID Try Opening it....
I will fix my rating once it stops crashing!!!! Ugh hate the update. Hate that you synced my contacts! !!! Ughhh
If its not one thing its another.. now the app is syncing the contacts to my fone.. if i wanted them, id do it myself. Fix this crap already!
Very very Nice I like this app
Its good
mast app h
Mmmmmeeeee
Its faster than ever
no thish rate appn
Gd
Most demand able
Addictive
Nothing loads anymore.
Best
Still dosnt Uodate current post !!
App won't stay running on my samsung tab. Continually crashes despite restarting and uninstalling. Began with the last update.
Hate that messenger carp
Good
hoho
Excellent
Keeps kicking me out, when i go in to the app.
Every time I get on my phone and get on facebook my data usage skyrockets. You guys really need to fix this! Changing the auto video setting does nothing it still drains my data. I need my facebook, I don't need the annoying hassle.
My fb contacts synced with my phone contacts. I was able to remove most of them. There was a few phone contacts that were matched with fb contacts but they matched the wrong profiles to the phone contacts and i am unable to remove the fb profile from the phone contact. I removed the app all together just to have my contacts with the correct name and picture
Simply Awesome...!!
Rap
Keeps syncing facebook contacts in my phone without permission and after I change the settings it automatically changes them right back!
Either I have to turn off wait a few then turn on my phone to poke. Or wait hours to poke, and just stare at a gray screen for it to load. Doesn't make sense.
Good
Fix this app...I don't need it sync with my contact in my phone!
I've considered deleting this app because I hate that even though I've turned off syncing my contacts it does it anyway. If its not fixed the next time I'm logged in I'm deleting
Uninstalling. Let me know when this is fixed.
Kampai
Nice
Facebook has improved on its app. I use it all the time.
Slow n keep on force closed.
This is a real good social media page that can help you find high school friends.
work
This is stupid... fix it!!!
Entertaining
Babu
This is my first time on Facebook and I know that would be fun
Update borked app. Won't stay open.
I give 5 star to the old version
L
OK for time passed
It's OK, But! Why my photo not download and this apps is not open sometimes?
Listen, can you guys stop up grating Facebook cus its seriously taking over my phone, it literally crashed it.... I can't even put other apps like Pandora, Instagram or OovoO cus of Facebook and the stupid FB messenger thats not even needed! Please bring back the OLD Facebook.. cus this one SUCKS!  Sincerely: Me!
Love it
It needs to get a life
Stop automatically syncing my Facebook to my contacts. Like legit the most annoying thing.
It is very special apps....
Its not download fst .it should hv to wrk more fst
Gud
No more 5 star!
All you haters hating on Facebook need to stop it because facebook is off the chain
I see that I have application requests and can't  go into them like you can if you are the computer very annoying and sucks takes a long time for friend's pages to load and any pictures takes  a long time too so many people use fb all the time n the developer can not do a better job with this app come on now get all the crap fixed new update makes screen freeze can not hit the back button to go back a step and i do not see where you can go offline in chat I can see who is on when I click on there name it does not will not let me chat or see profile I am using a android tablet
Nice apps.....
I luv facebook
Slowly my Facebook
Facebook
N
Nice
Its ok
When setting up Facebook it takes a very long time and once in, it keep shutting me out and not allowing me to respond to some chats and postings. Please Help!
It keeps syncing my contacts. Make it stop. I do not want my Facebook contacts on my phone
Why am I forced to use a feature just because I use your app? What happened to options?  I dont want my contacts synced with my friend's list and every time I opt out it immediately changes back. Wtf?
Things are not up-to-date even though I pressed "Most Recent" many times...plus: Updates are not in order from newest to oldest
I finally have had enough.. I uninstalled the app and will stick to my browser edition. . You had all better do the same..trust me !
Sick of trying to find a number in my phone and having to dig through facebook pictures to find it. If I wanted to sync my stuff I would. But I dont. So undo it.
What your mind that's my topic and I have a lot of pages: my readers a chance to express the tells a story I also like the mood its store is far like a talk in Show and it it gets up I have a chance to express they like to make this life
I DON'T WANT MY FACEBOOK CONTACTS SYNCED TO MY PHONE. I have this feature turned off for a reason. I enjoy the Facebook app, but seriously?!
boom box
Ever since the update it is syncing contacts to my phone even though i have shut that off 6 times today!!!! Please fix this I do not want all of that in my phone contacts this is ridiculous
Taken it off my phone. I don't want my fb friends synced with my contacts. Looking through the reviews no one else wants it either. Everytime I change the  settings to remove them it just changes it back again. It's rubbish. Listen to your customers & get it sorted!
Crashes for days on my samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 kitkat 4.4.2 every 5 seconds
Very helpfull
Mehh.. Could be better, could be worse
Someall
This app sucks. Open, scroll, CRASH!
Honestly I don't have anything against the app, its Facebook I hate . . . .
So incredibly annoying that I am unable to do a "custom" audience to a post in the android version of this app. (To do: friends, except "name") Never had any problems with the iPhone app.  I'm about to uninstall.
untuk nada notifikasi like dibuat agar lebih cepat kita tahu informasinya. Terimakasih
Jhakkashhhhhhh
Love chatting and keeping up with my friends and family on Facebook.
Every week give updates. Not necessary updates. I'm getting irritate. What the f**k.
In order to stop the syncing of contacts you have to remove Facebook link from your account located in your contacts..
Every time I open fb it won't work.  Gives me an error that fb isn't responding and then gives me an option to report it. This has been going on over a month now.
Some of the things on the app are not working...fix please..
Pull your head out of your @$$!!!!! This new update is a joke!!! I suggest fixing it! By the looks of the rest of the reviews your going to loose bunch of accounts!!!!
Not liking the update. No matter how many times I adjust my settings, Facebook syncs contacts to my phone. What's the point of having an option to not sync contacts if contacts sync every time I log in to my app. I'm uninstalling immediately.
Fix this.plz
Thanks
i hope you improve this apps on samsung galaxy s duos 2
I should be open the app to see my notifications !! I cant see my facebook notifications on the notifications bar !!! What can i do ??
D
Why is it even though I dont want my contacts from Facebook synced Facebook syncs them anyway fixing to delete the app and Facebook altogether. Why do they feel the need to spy thrugh the messenger app?
Back to old version... No need to update...
The best
Once Iupdated the app it knocked my candy crush off line ... it's no longer on Facebook !!!! :-(
Please fix this so the app can stop syncing fb contacts with my phone contacts...I simply hate it. Will re-rate once this is fixed
HATE IT:p
Just be an app and stay away from my phone. Stop syncing contacts! :3
Fb
Tried reinstalling and still keeps crashing. Unit is a Galaxy Tab 3 running the latest android software.
Has been good til now . It wont stay on why?.
Sync contacts automatically sucks
I don't know these people! Stop assuming I know them!
Use it good. But also dangerous. Be care...
I don't have to open my page every time i go on
Superb, Required more features.
It will only show me 3 post
Gets worse and worse with evey update. It's pretty bad when you have to go look at the comments on an app before you do an update to see if they made it better or worse.
seriously fxck this app. I can wait and check whatever I need on a laptop. I don't want to see everyone I'm "friends" with on facebook in my contacts. this is garbage...
P/S: Stop attempting to monopolize all other companies and services.
I do not like The fact that they sync my phone to fb if I want them in my phone I would put them there. I don't need 2000 contacts thank you very much >:(
My contacts won't stop syncing to my phone. I have a galaxy note 2.
Uninstalled because it has taken over my phone contacts and pictures when everything was turned off to not to. Tired of this app.
Awesome
Hi
Worse after uninstalling and reinstalling.  Please fix this problem!
This works fine on my phone, but barely works any more on my tablet.  Every time I open it on my tablet, it crashes 10 seconds later.  If it's supposed to work on the tablet, make it work on the tablet.
Force exit
Keeps syncing contacts after reboot phone and after I turn it off. Fix this. I'm sure you knew it before hand.
Like everyone else, this new update is autosyncing my FB with my phone contacts and I can't make it stop.
Aajkal ke algaw ki duniya me logo se jude rehne ka behtar tarika
Seriously hate this new update!  It keeps syncing my friends into my contacts!  I've tried to delete but doesn't remove!  Seriously need to get this fixed it's annoying!
It automatically updated and I did not want to sync my contacts! When I went to my settings and turned the sync off it still did it
Good for all
Won't let me like posts!! Please fix thanks
Facebook
Owsome
Why can't instal facebook
Nice
i hate it
Really going downhill. Plus, now it takes up 90+mbs of storage.
Good app in mobile's
Better
Sooo good
I did the update and it deleted the icon from my phone. It says I still have it downloaded but it's nowhere to be found. FB is getting pretty ridiculous these days. I'm almost over it all together!
Less problems with the app than before. More options to customize news feed would be great.
Very useful
This update blows.  Facebook is about to completely lose my interest.
It won't load it just says setting up Facebook then going back to my home  screen
I believe the app should have a way to change the Theme of fb... kinda like maybe a different selection of skins/color... like a metal theme or just something cool
Fix it.. I turn the contacts sync off and 5 minutes later it changes back to sync contacts... fix this
Facebook, STOP SYNCING MY CONTACTS! I hate this and it is so annoying!! I will delete if this isn't fixed in the next couple of days! Only 1 * until it is fixed.
Keeps shutting out of app before loading newsfeed
Bust
Jalaldiwal
Good
Really annoying! At least 3x a day i have to go into settings and unsync my contacts. Please fix this automatic annoyance!!
Sometimes my notifications dont pop up unless i check. And make more settings while posting

New update is awful!  Kicks me off every time I try to look at anything other than my news feed.  Facebook people, fix it or go back to the older version!
Saya suke
I dont like what facebook is doin with their new updates. It syncs contacts without asking for permission
Constantly freezing
Force closing
The newest update is ridiculous and should be changed asap..i changed settings for auto sync and it changes back on its own.
¦Ð¦É¦Á¦Í¦Å¦É ¦Ð¦Ï¦Ë¦Ô RAM!
Keeps cutting off, says"unfortunately, facebook has stopped"
Tasha
Getting dramatically better than before but still consume too much energy.
All my fb contacts are in my phone bout to uninstall
Facebook
