I hate the updated Facebook.  Hate that I have to download Messenger just to message others. I hate that I can't control whether I want to see old posts or new posts.  Keeps moving me back to where I started. I'm really not concerned with what happened on Tuesday if it is now Friday.  App size is a little too big just to say it's Facebook.
Never had an issue with the app, used to work perfectly, but last update is pretty bad, the app crashes from nowhere, cant play videos without the app crashing, logs me out...
Woooow cool app,load my profile faster
V have do download a messenger also for messaging after installing this heavy app ........no space for downloading messenger
Bagu bagu......
i have a Samsung Grand Duos but it can't update ugh! 
Awsome application
But not so fast to load...
Wep
dis great app ever look up.
It gets stuck in between
Amarpstil
Ok
Easy for browsing facebook
Messenger
It a nice app
MDKHOKON
Not nice
Why do we now get "donate" to ebola or other random junk messages at top of news feed?!?!  F-OFF already.   Several new features are good. Generally loads faster now. But huge resource hog... and for what reason.
For the last 2 days the app is not working on my galaxy grand as it keeps on crashing. I tried reinstalling it but the problem is still there. Try n fix it soon
Problems signing in, most of the time I try logging in it takes about 1 minute, then boots me back into the login screen again. Only happens after this update, fix this soon.   Sony Xperia L.
Aina
Why do I want to download messenger app
It wont let me download it. It keeps saying incompatable update ever  since i updated my phone 
Social media app that won't let me access people's profiles to communicate with them.... Fix it
Good product
Ever since the last update my news feed will automatically jump to the newest posts.... no matter how interested I am in the video that I'm watching or the post that I'm reading. I don't mind the "new stories" reminder or the fact that my marital status gets me flooded with dating programs but can I at least be the one who controls where I scroll please?
But its using so much space...its using about 100mb storage and using a lot of battery!
Its always not responding i hate it
Facebook
Facebook keeps changing all the time. Why do you keep doing the same update? Try getting it right the first time.
Because you make me use it fir anything else I like. A GAME A VIDEO WHATEVER. Fu  Mark.
Its fabulous
just downloading for dragon city hehehehe:)
Every time I up date my facebook app it appers to be worth
It's good
Edited: Update on 7/11/14 also causes the touchscreen to freeze. Latest update. Touchscreen no longer working when the widget is open which makes it useless!
consumes a big part of ram
Can't stand my timeline always being out of order- or when you go to view a video then click back, you lose your place or the time line repeats itself in the middle of things!
Moon
Super
Amazing
Worst
There is no better social networking sites than this.
Lag very slow
Always not responding idk if my device or the fb has a problem
Hiiii I m loving dis app Facebook pr hi mujhe mera schcha pyaar mila I love it
Downloaded the latest update and now it won't get past the splash screen. Fix this please. Nexus 5 on Art.
:)
Good
Hay
I like it very much.
Facebook has a update like every two days
New update rocks....
i like it....
Please stop the video pausing when I just want to see how much time is left on it. I know it's minor, but it's also very annoying. Also the in app Web browser is awful. Who do you have testing this?
Everytime i get on it it work good tbh
Wooh i can use fb now everytime iwant
Good..!
Good.
Thank u
It is awsome
I CANT DOWNLOAD IT ......
Sosososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososososogoodgoodfoodggoooomdjf jg jf jf jdjdjjd so th Fi and I am a little y a new one of the year and the other day and night and I am a little y a yy the same time as the name of the year and the other day and night in London at all the information in it to your inbox every day to day running of the individual sender immediately if the answer you to the UK and Ireland and the other day and night and I am a little e
Good
Kumarincubators
Gg
Amir soni
Fsghs
For works
become very slow for new feed. again n again comes with all hidden posts,so hide them again. Very huge in size. Not Happy at all.
I love it but the problem is when i visit other groups, friends on the facebook, the facebook automatically close itself xD
What 2 say
My Memory Card is getting lower space because your facebook app! So many new versions & New Updates!
Amazing app. Runs smoothly, has a very intuitive interface and makes for a great user experience. Seen it grow and change since the very beginning, and I must say, this app has truly redeemed itself.
Good
By
My account
The Problems is the Facebook Messenger because the facebook is Force me to download the messenger. But After the Update of Facebook., The Facebook is All working., it now copy and paste of the comments and chats. So the Only problem is the message. Please remove it from the messages to Download the application to read the friends messsages..  I like it very much after the update. :)
After updating it use to ask for download messenger,  why??
Super link

Its good to communicate with your friends
Ry
Excelant way to connect pepole
What is there ever getting updated? For 9 months there is one the same thing written in the whats new section and "updates" just keep appearing over and over...
Good
Need more speed
Nice
Photos on my news feed wont open they just try but go back to normal samsung galaxy s5
It is good application.
Nice Facebook
After the update pictures from some post does not display? I tried uninstalling and installed it again but to have the same results.. Please fix. Its really annoying not seing what others post is..
Nice
Good
I love it
B4 Facebook has been update it is great but after update it, is force to close from the screen
So Nice
oh my!!! updated not good.. i cant find my photos.. album!!!
nice

Not bad
Gud
Constantly running in foreground memory.
Wonderful! please let me play the video with my favorite player....
Fix this stupid App... Can't see any pics on fb at all!! Was great until recent update.. Can't open any photos my family post or read any comments as fb closes straight away.... Absolute shit app for Tabs!!!!!
On both s4 mini and note 3 neo i cant upload photos as when selecting photos it crashes and takes me back to the previous screen. Just updated but still no good. Plz fix it
No
Facebook
Keep  going you   Rock
looks and works better after every update
Awasome app
The cant load pictures.......nor its loging out me ......it takes a long time to show pages and the pages are also without picture notification are not loading......I m useing wifi but nothing changed.......do some thing man....
Very good ..
well set up
Cool but  This is not fast like watsapp
.......
Good
The app is fine at large but it has tons of wakelocks and on my S3 is running choppy sometimes
As much as I love updating, this is too much. The experience is not the same as Apple. Rather than pushing increments updates, why don't push major features into it INSTEAD?
Where is the feature that I can unfollow post???
V.good
loading problem
Love the app so much I installed it and Facebook messenger also it's so good installed all
Nice app
Like
Yuck
Suman
Salamlar
Nicr
Gud aoo
Makes keeping in touch easy.
Too slow in Loading news feed and images. Responds very slow. Please do something about it
Too many ads and everything in the wrong order. Still trying to show me what you think I'd like.
Guuud
Amazing
Its just awesome now i can use fb without opening site
I like this app
Like
The swipe-n-delete-comment function is missing in the latest update. Please bring it back
I love this app
After the update. The app keeps kicking me out. So annoying. Note 3
Nice app
Crap
Hate the current Friends functionality. What happened to the list of people with whom I interact most frequently?  And being able to see someone's wall by clicking their link on my news feed? Sucks (and I  RARELY post a review this negative ). Boo!
Images are not appearing with posts on ASUS. Worst update
Really annoyed with how fb is acting lately. I'm Unable to see comments on my own posts and some have even disappeared, as well as photos. Same with my sisters Facebook. Wth Facebook fix it please.
Its awesome
When multiple photos are uploaded only some of them are visable. What is happening to my other photos. Can't even see them on my photo uploads on my profile. What is going on?????
Thala
Very bad up date
Good. ..
Was opening well now its just crashing once its opened! Fix asap!!
Shows random comment under original post that makes no sense
i love it
Deepika b jain
Kashifraj70
Excellent...
Superb ....
very good
It's very fast and v could easily get update to it
Hate it doesn't log in my account
Slow speed conpare to old version Bad update because i cant remove tag form photo nd status
New update,  fast  & easier
i having problem  with login in the aap but when  i  am  login to facebppk from net ot get login
Its so addicting

For an important app like this one, I think it should be improved in a way that it could has less MB of space, less MB of memory and faster navigation. Don't like it.
from latest update it's keep running in background n it's draining battery.. I dunno y messenger made compulsory neither d app became fast nor decrease in size..
Great social interface and place to find virtual friends.
krass
Nkn
it is a good way to contact family around the world
Power
Its k.but not that much good n not that much bad
Facebook its the best. Why so hard too which video s on Facebook help me plz
Got worried when it kept crashing on me but they fixed it quickly. For those griping about Messenger; get over it! Messenger is WAY better than chat was and if you want old school get on your laptop.
Perfect
Itzz askin me 2 download messngr... Cant send msgs n dis app without messngr!
There is no privacy I hate that messenger app and this too.
Its good
I love fb
App will not stop running.  I always have to force stop it. Goodbye Facebook mobile.
No doubt that this is a nice app... Gd wrk
Good
Ravi
i'am was pengsan today
beyond
No edit option, no stop notifications for specified post and no custom settings for the posts privacy.
The app got better ...
We can't  copy any text or post when we using facebook application!       Please try to improve this
Sajeer
Its so ANNOYING and TIRING when you need to scroll all over again to find where u stop before they refresh the news for you! PLEASE FIX IT! 
Good app
Keeps shutting down and sending me back to home screen if I could rate it 0 I would, not worth thetimd in downloadi g it when it doesnt work at all. Worst app EVA!!!
Good
This is still where most people go, and I've been looking for a big brother type to dissuade me from wrongdoing,  anyway. So? It's a win/win situation.
Its ok but why cant we have a click button on to have recently posted first im fed up with old coming first please change it
nothing works right
Please fix whatever it is causing the app to not work smoothly....am in the midst of posting a long status update and all of a sudden it goes back to my homescreen...#$$@&(&/^*(@
It is OK the app but I need most recent by default, I don't like the way that I have to go to the most recent as it is now.
Excellence
Sex
Yeah it is a good app but sometimes irritate me :')
Please give app ability to remove comment tagged by scammer/spammer more easily and fast!
So easy to post photos n all just love it
good
I love facebook
Would appreciate if copy options was available
Top social media site. Visiting everyday to get contact with my F&F
Good good
T
You rock
Never have issues with this app.
Thats creepy. Eat this.
Quite a few times the pictures won't load...
Yassss
U suck!
plz plz fix it or remove the app forom play store
why i must install fb chat?. cant you make just 1 app for all  :/ sucks
I have to like any pic 2 times. It doesn't get liked once. plz fix that bug :-(:-(:-(:-(
After these new updates, i am not able to choose one of existing profile picture. Everytime I try it, it duplicate and create new one. I dont wanna do it. It is already in profile picture album. Just use it. Dont move and create new one!
It's da best
Very good
Keep-on crashing every time.
I like (y)...
Awsm......
Why we need to download the messenger plz fix it asap
Yup
Too many ads that reappear even after you've told FB to hide ads from that source.  Can't set feed to default to most recent. Can't manage newsfeed by marking items read - can only hide them (and they keep coming back anyway).  Social Fixer addon is the only thing that keeps me using FB on my PC. Pity there's nothing similar available for Android.
Balani, Pangasinan
Speed is very good
Good
I really want to rate this app more highly but for about a month now it stops loading notifications or updating my news feed, letting me post things, etc once a day until i uninstall the updates. I assumed the problem was my phone or internet connection the first time but everything else worked. I tried force closing, restarting my phone, and various other things before realizing the update was rendering the app unusable. Please fix this in future updates? Otherwise I am a fan (hence the 2 stars). Thanks!
I think love
Using over 40% of my phone's battery even when closed, uninstalled due to this.
Priya srivastava
Last update has bugs: if a friend checks in somewhere with some other people, I can't click on the place where they are to see more details about it; or sometimes I can't even click to see who is he with.
Lags!
Remove this fb messenger when we want we will download it why they are forcing us
Constantly crashing on my Nexus 5.
Suck
Such a bad aap ...nothing can be compltely open ...slow speed...many things are not available which are available on browsers
i can't play videos . please fix this
Ok i don't get it, who rated this App even 2 stars, it crashes, lags, force closes itself and i have to uninstall it and reinstall it every other day and the updates are of no help at all.Dislike
App just closes randomly every time I open it on my tablet. Very annoying!
Best
Messenger sux upgrades useless keeps kicking me out of the app. Annoying. Fix out already so it stops kicking me out
Add copy and paste feature to Facebook
Ok
Xiomiredmi 1s
After the update I cant comment stickers which r from sticker store as before the update :(
Why do we have to download messenger? It was fine before this messenger update .
Fyf
Nice!
I love facebook and you jani
Thanks
It hangs each and everytime....it needs update after every second....haaaah!!!!i jst hate it
Im on my Samsung galaxy tab 3 and I go on facebook and after 5 or 10 seconds it just cuts out on me amd its really annoying please fix it
Very fast.
This app just nailed it , its awesome
This is very interesting application
GREAT!
Very nice
Lame
Thank you for this invention I may thank you a lot because of the fastest app :D
Gomo Qelate Gomo
Stopping frequently and showing nothing
Very nice apps
In android we can't scroll down the new-feeds to final. It's been a month that we are facing the same problem...Please please fix the problem!!! .....(look I gave five stars)
Just disgust for its expensive data rate
Nice but slow
Nice Joke
So Amazing
I DON'T WANT TO USE AND INSTAL STUPID MESSENGER FOR READING MY MESSAGES ON FB! FIX IT! IT IS ANNOYING !
Keeps crashing
Very dood
I like Facebook but I'm updating it like every other day. Facebook is constantly"not responding" on my phone andit kicks me out.I have attempted to get on Facebook at least 20 times today and stay on for longer than 2 minutes and it seems it's almost impossible
Best app ever
When i using facebook go to my profile it hangout
Josephrohan
In All the social apps in the world,facebook is most choiceable 4me.  Thanks to jukarburge.
Overall its good. Love that you can find long lost friends. But why do we have to download the face book messenger app to read messages ? Thats boring.
Amazing
Lovely
Very nice
I love facebook so much..
like it
80% Pics loading but can't open :-|
Vvvvvv good
Very bad
Super
Excellent
Most things work well now after the update. Would like to be able to copy and paste from the comments now
Ok
Good
I love it very gud app for facebook hats off to the owner
Flot
Sumon
Md Md Md Md
Perfect
I've resulted to using fb in browser this app has go so bad... Needs a fix soon. I can't stay on It for more than a min before it force closes.
Nine
Dis update is not up to d mrk....cnt connect  newsfeed bugs n mny more errors
Friends and family
Amazing
Facbook
Good sarvice
I do hope that with the Facebook app the Facebook messenger will not be required.
I dunno what happen,suddenly i cant view web link inside my fb apps..and always show to use external browsers..already untick and tick the setting..problem still occur..plz fix it.
Please Update New Free version
It's better now than i used the last update before!
Can't you guys reduce its size. Its way too large
Lacks features and is slow
Nitin
Good and love it
Won't unlock page to my fb account. Need help center now!
Love
Find friends face book
This app is horrible. Why cant I remove the notification for comments like before
It's best
Yeah Awesome
Awsme user I like it uummmaaa......
Sometimes it sucks!
Awesome ...
Samuel will praise God alway
Every time I scroll through my news feed it keeps updating automatically and bringing me to the top. I hate it, because there will be only 1 new thing, then I have to find where I was. Please Fix!
It looks amazing I delete by mistake and know I try downloading but it doesn't work fix:'(
I don't care bout top stories I want most recent as top priority!!
Hate the built in browser
nindot ni,.....
Photos won't load.
Veryyyyyy good
Rahel
SNTBD
Hi
New updates have made it too slow! Startup takes almost 79 seconds....
Keep bringing new
Nice way to contact with girls :P
Why do we have to download messenger? It was fine before this stupid messenger update.
Ren
Connect worldwide
Facebook
Good
No. Wahef
Common used for social networking
Heidari
I am not liking the constant updates. I am updating the app on a daily basis. I wish that Facebook would just leave things alone.
love this apps
Why do i need to download Fb ''mess''enger for this @%#$!
App is very good Plz add "select text" & "copy text" option so we can select & copy any text & paste it on whatsapp or anywhere. Thank you!
I like this
I like this app very much.

Its a wonderful app to connect vid frnds easily
In single word answer super
love this app but its not good because for see messages and read it we have to download messenger ...... app so bad....
Hope is better use than another
Addicted to Facebook hhhhhh best app evvvvvvvver
The lagging issue has stopped, the app now runs fluidly. Thank you!
Thanks to all the
Kaloka
Very easy
Ggcacbb
Lovd it
Best
It is not loading the pictures properly
Crashes almost every time I use it.  Samsung galaxy tab 3
coz a lot of people are overuseing it
But in new version we need messenger to chat.we can chat in old version without mesenger.so please update and then five stars will be given
Specifically the navigation bar and menu. *the messenger app UI would be a good reference, and it uses too much resources.
Best
All day. Great update.
Jst need a copy paste option.....
You said turn on /off notificatiobs and when u open it u didn't find anything to on and off ... the fb app "android"turn from bad to worst ... whats wrong wiz u people fix that make samething good or don't make anything better ... I hope be good app and change the rate
This is a good best beetter file
ganda<3
Best
I love facebook jst gr8
World is no1
First of all I've had my account has been deleted four times and there is No cause for it second why do we have to download the messenger app when it gives who the f*ck ever the rights to activate my cameras and voice recorder so wtf.
I can't
Excellent
Facebook : you can stop the ebola ad on my page ! Also Your new  update sux!
Cool..
Thank you facebook for making it easy for us to connect with our family, friends and new people. Thank you facebook. Keep it up.
Good
I can't save my phone
Total crap
Loved it
0974409
Best
Awful layout don't update
Nice
I am SO SICK of having to delete and re download. That is at least once a day this week @$$holes.I hate having to delete and download again and again. I also want to see the most recent posts NOT the posts facebook guesses I want to see. I like pages and never see them in my feed even though they post regularly. What's the point of it?
Loading very slow, after update it big problem now.
It's good I like the fact it actually lets me put pictures on. Cause my phones a pos.
Ok
Cool
Anehh
Best app
But my device is overheating and lagging please find a solution
I don't understand why we should download messanger. It's unnecessary cos we have Facebook.  It just populate your phone with icons
Nice
Why don't you guys just collect all bugs and update app ones in a week? It's really annoying to see update every day !
Hey frnds now we cam use facebook. We can uninstall bloody messnger...:-)
Cool app bt i think the app store cn do beter
Nice app
Leuk hoor
Haha
Suberbbbb
Awsome
Why its not working.:(
Hangs my nexus tablet the minute i log in, i dont see the point of putting all the bells and whistles when the core performance is so bad, Disappointed!
I just try several times to get my page and now blocking from friends family and the people who work who always on duty as long as you live with your head glue to you phone on Facebook there happy I thought you suppose to used when you're ready not every day as if your life depends on it well any body who's reading this sharing is caring tarsha lone
Happy
Very good app it very usefull for me
Kkkk h
Great way to stay n touch w/friends
Soetimes hang but oveal cool
It keeps crashing

Good....bt there is problem that...it is covering too much space for its data...n my phobes internal memory
good
Wow
Exellent
My lost love
Versi車n 1.9.6 muy mala en mi xperia x8 me encanta la plataforma de uso pero no carga los datos y me manda a el navegador y el chat te manda a los msn
Facebook
Rahel
My facebook crashes always. Difficulty viewing it .....pls help for a remedy before unstalling it. Thank you
sangat baik
Very good app
Divyank jain
Great app
I really like it but, there could be some things fixed as far as speed. Sometimes if I'm on a persons page I can't see things they are posting. I can't seem to figure out why. I also think it should be easier to deactivate someone's account when they are deceased. All in all it's a great app.
Just use your browser, but if you choose to use the app, never install the updates! Jumps from 30MB to over 100MB!
Baby Emo boy
Nice.
I cant believe this i been trying to log in my acct but acured error hope to fix this soon..coz its really suck...still cant log in my account for 3days now..whats wrong with the facebook 
Unable to use over wifi in the office premises.
::-)
For an official app, this is somewhat disappointing. And you remove the messaging function. Now I'm going to the web app.
I injoy my facebook it also keeps me in touch with my kids and grandkids.. It also makes it more. Easier to keep up with my real family and friends.... I like facebook but why in the hell,!! Everytime I go on facebook my phone keeps freezing up and also runs pretty darn slow and sometimes I want to take back 3" star's and give you 2"1/2 star"s.. So please do a better job and fix the darn thing okay guys!!!!.....
Poooova
Awesome after update
Its laggy when browsing the feeds on my sony xperia tablet z. Can this be fixed?
Love it
Five
It great
2 apps equals more ram consumption. Do that equation and you'll find the answer is the opposite of "satisfaction".
Hell ya
good
like it
Facebook
Vary nice
But it's too long  to update this version
So helpful.. Its really good...
Good job this app is realy good but it took all of my memory wish it was not yhat big
It's really help me to communicate   with my friends. Really easy to used. I love this application  so much.
Bro701
Fix this mess
But asking monthly 3 update
This newer version hangs a lots and becomes unrespinsive. Have to close it and then reopen.
Bada
I have to download messenger app to see and send messages...wtf
Is great I love it.
:)
Nice
Super
I "updated"  and now when I comment On something,  I can't stop notifications unless I'm on the computer. Which is rare.  Each time I follow their directions to go to " stop notifications" it takes me back to the directions on how to stop notifications.  Wtf.   Stupid.  Clean up your act facebook.  You're really beggining to annoy me.  And stop asking me for my ohone number.
Crashed every time I open it for a few seconds!!! PLEASE HELP!!!!!
Best
Samsung Note 3
Extremely disagree with new versions ∴∴∵∵∵ you should read comments work on public demands
Email code something like that and  I have to make a new account alot it wont let me in
Used to work fine then after the last update it crashes every time after a few seconds of being open. Using a galaxy tab so it's not as if it's a little-used device. Fix soon please, as your app is currently useless.
App is constantly crashing, it's receiving Out Of Memory exception
Very good app for communication
The face book can we enjoy.thank you facebook
Good application
Ghost of a chance to get my stuff and I love you too baby girl is the most important thing to remember is that the most important thing to remember is that the year old girl I love you too baby I'm sorry I didn't even know how to get the most important thing is that you are you doing today and I don't have the most important thing is that you are you doing today and I don't have the most important thing is that you are you doing today and I don't have the month of December and I don't have the nite nite lov
Nice
jackboy monteza
So ccooooll
Dimple
Great
Needs 3g for any upload n eats a lot of space and battery
Cannot access comments/replies on posts, status updates, etc. I will get a notification, but when clicked it doesn't show anything. Once this is fixed, I will change the rating.
iloved it
Apps
This app used to let you be able to control amount of notifications you get but now it will not let you if I could find a different app for Facebook I would and I would never use this one again
Alfin &Anlin

I hate this version not good because not login  not good bad bad
Very nice to..
Beawear
Videos not playing...
It is always force closing on my phone I've tried unstalling it and installing it back and still the same thing and I've got plenty room on my phone. Is there not a way to make this application able to move over to the SD card it takes up to much data for it to be crashing most of the time anyway
:-)
nice and good nees
Good
Wallah its a good app
Golden
Awesome software for connecting wid friend...
Every thing is awsum but it takes a lot of data to load.
Secret
Phd
I cnt see my lastest new feeds after the last update plzfix this problem... i have samsung note 3
Awesome
I m loving it.
Moka
Latest update give me sucks.. Each time when I open this app crash.. Please fix it soonest possible.. I'm using Moto X
getting better
Please fix I have a Samsung s3 and the app dose not work at all it forces close and sends me back to the home screen!!!
Good
Waoo
Very nic
Nice
Please Update new Version
So far so poor
Fab look...;)
Always updating it finish my phone space because it came up with a new huge space suka
It occupies lot of memory and makes the device slower
It has everything.
Claritasagad
Not showing pics on post unless you go to that persons page individually. It's ridiculous!
Bangladash
Slow
Galaxy mega 2 hot
Babbu Ali safi
Facebook
this is not the same fb site or not good looking.
This app is the best way to find lose friends
Good
Bh
The latest update is worst. Not working anything. News feed don't load. Worst ever.
The size of the app varies between the phone. The more space you have, the more space the app has. Right now my Facebook is using 135MB of my phone. It sometimes lags when scrolling but most of the time, great!
Kak boring y du we download anatha app 4 facebook naah man change it
Pictures doesnt load. Why?
You guys seriously need to fix your software. This app always crashes and lags
Since the new update, images don't appear on the app....it's not a problem with my internet connection....other apps are working fine...,please fix this
I don't understand why u guys daily updating this application.
Its to slow pls fix all the things and improved this apps speacially for andriods
Please Design..Such a Way It to Consume Less RAM....
Awful app nothing works anymore. Please fix bugs
I like facebook
Can't read and respond to messages on this app, and we are basically forced to download the messanger app. Absolutely ridiculous and inefficient especially for those who don't send many messages. Also unable to stop notification badges from appearing next to the app icon. Save your time, battery,  memory,  and ram, use the mobile Internet site.
this app is suck. why you updating such a hated update
Crashes all the time. Bad facebook bad
I often face the "connection problem" after log in, then app tries to logging out but mostly this process is incomplete and i have to do it for 5 or 6 times.
Find all my friends and family
Ok I guess
1993
Awesome
Loin to slow ....
Facebook
Logu babu
Application not getting closed. It's running in background consumes more battery and Internet. Plz fix the bug.
After i updated to the latest version my device begun to lag like hell. Then i tried to uninstall it and my device came back to normal. I tried to install an older version of facebook  I was so surprised because it runs smoothly than the latest version and it didn't made my device slow or laggy.
It's works fine but I kicks me out so
Great way to chat
Excellent service
Keep In Touch
I have to uninstall and re-install every few days because my phone flashes black and white.
Javed
I can't remember my password and it won't let me recover it
Pictures still load slow but no crashes
Since the new update Facebook will not close when i exit. I have to force close it or it will continuously run. Pretty annoyed! Also it auto refreshes itself without me telling it to. Also frustrating!
Very good, with my A850+ the surfing experiences through updated Facebook aps is just awesome! Keep produce great aps guys!
Why we have to specially download the MESSENGER for just sending the messages and reading
Facebook is getting annoying time to time. I cant even update my status and upload just 1 picture.
these updates are horrible! Navigation poor:  Why do I have to hit the 'go back' button to get back to the menu bar? Automatically scrolls while I'm reading a post... and what's with the vote button that won't go away?
It's a good app, but it's REALLY irritating when it automatically pops to the top when it refreshes, even when the refresh feature is turned off. I hate being in the middle of reading a story and then getting cut off by the feed refreshing. Please FIX THIS, if I want to refresh the feed I will do it myself, it is unnecessary to provide the 'new stories' button and to pop to the top automatically.
11/7 update:  Yup, still can't view photos or images. Can't even see the little profile pic icons. Get it together fb!! Btw, I have a Moto X.    10/26 update: still cannot view graphics.  Cannot view graphics: Since the last update I can only  view a few pictures  posted by friends. Most don't load.
When are you going to design for tablets!!??
Nicee
Good
Its okay. I love it!
Yoyo
Two apps for Facebook is to much. Not to mention the amount of memory it takes up. News feed freezes up. Then reloaded while your reading a post.
It's very good but bored with it
Horizontal viewing is still crap on a large tablet. Scrolling is choppy and images are very slow to load.
Facebook
waka waka e e waka waka ee
If u r alone in home ! Or busy ! Then can be used it....
Oooooosam friend....its ameZing app
Very slow and choppy performance. Not intuitive. Why is it so difficult to make an album? Why can't I upload more than one photo at a time?
Always received today birthday reminder but just only available to view tomorrow or next coming day ..can't see today friends birthday.
horrible
Please make it more compatible with tablets
hate it. forced close
Since the latest update, the app just closes whenever I use it! Please fix
Hating Facebook now. Ever since this last update it is always Crashing. Everything works great until i try to view my profile or someone else's and it crashes on me 3 or 4 times before i can actually view it. And it takes for me to log in. It says that i don't have enough memory in my phone when i have 10 free Megabytes that aren't even being used. It takes me about 6 or 7 times entering my phone number and password before it finally logs me in. Fix these problems and the rating will go back up.
I like the new updated version but I wish when added a group of pics it would let you add captions on each pic instead of having one caption for all the pics. I do like the feature that you can easily remove tags now. Also I just updated a few days ago and I liked that it should you a preview on your lockscreen. Now it's not an option and I really wish it was on the updated version.
Just bad...
What wrong with it?? Just setting up facebook all the day
Chrome Google
I like play facebook somuch!
Gaihaltai
Incredible
I love it foo
Good
Nyc
U sh0uld try try best
loveit
Good than previous one
Its annoying takes time to log in then to log out ....
Facebook sucks, always quits, logs you out, randomly goes to other pages, I don't like how if it's got a link to view a site that fb has taken over the option to use explorer and I'm always being asked to enter a comp or to say yes to something. Or it doesn't take me to that link at all. It's bullshit.
Lokesh
Phone became dead slow.. after reinstalling this app phone became faster.. please make sure to fix this prob
Love it
App always freezes on a random picture in my timeline resulting in me deleting and re downloading over agin. Also what is the point to making us download a secondary app just so we can send/receive messages?!?! Facebook is getting worse and worse every day. Soon it will be a thing of the past like myspace.
When I have to refresh my notification bar everytime I go back on. And also u HAVE to download the Facebook Messenger
Nice
This app is so lovelyyyy wshahahaha
Your updates are a failure! Constant errors and no immediate fix. The ratings should be vacuum cleaners instead of stars... stars don't suck! I'd give you five shop vacs because it sucks that hard!!!!
U can make the Facebook, support 2or3 account
Getting better
Renders links in operable... links used to open in my browser, then  they opened in FB, now they don't open at all....
Load
Goddamn force close everytime
Facebook is not working on wifi,but working on mobile data,PLEASE FIX THE PROBLEM QUICKLY.
I gave in and now have two Facebook apps installed. Auto play is still enabled for videos, which is awful. Dark theme would be nice.
Keeps crashing when i try to open
Application should move to SD card
Ilovethis
Its not working it takes 5 minutes to come on its a white screen please fix
Love it
Awesome.....app
Why it keeps on updating? And why does it requires messenger... its taking too much space
Can't upload any pictures or videos now. When I press the button to, it closes the app. Its not just my phone either because I've heard the problem happening to others too.
962389
E chapo
All I care about are the most recent. I could care less about the top stories from 5 days ago. Stop wasting my time facebook.
Raj
Super cool!!!
Needs to be fixed it take so long to load up and to sign in poor
I hate that it keeps saying I have a notification and is a message n I can't take it off because I have to download facebook messenger. I don't need it so I should have an option.
Games
The new update keeps crashing!
sometimes it ceased,  it's not working well as I thought  :(
Excellent
My Facebook is not working after d last update
Love it
Fun?
Sooo ever since the update my Facebook just closes out of nowhere please fix that like now :)
Helpful
There was an update before the most recent one where links would open up within the Facebook app. Your should go back to that! With the new update it is gone for me. It was so much faster than links opening in my phones browser.
Begging for ebola donations at the beginning of every page I load. Also, sending me notifications for every new comment on every video I watch.. No thanks Spam book, maybe I'll try again next week and see if you suck less.
The fact i need two apps and this recent update puts in a fb browser? I have my own that is faster i dont need a fb integrated browser.
Not adding messenger.  Really? Two apps you need?
I have about 200-300 pictures on my phone, and I wish that I could search through them via folder rather than searching through the order they were taken or downloaded. Sometimes I'll spend 5 minutes trying to look for one picture to post in a comment. Your app is giving me mono. Added. Now I can't open the app. It is constantly trying to open many different screens now.....? Wtf!
I find it better
it Awsome Lol (:
Awesomenesa
vodafone
I can talk to the people that I know
Why is it that a massive company like Facebook can't create a nice, smooth, elegant app for Android?
super
Needs work for Android lollipop
Not getting notifs! FCs often! Slow!! Pls fix ASAP!!
Mbengile family
Pls make the downloading process faster
good.
nice apps
not able to login since last wednesday from my s2
Love it
中中友!!衭絻 嘉中  皮伕弘 秏允 匹五月ˋ
1 numbr
Hi, lov u
I love this app
Great app
Great for keeping in touch with family and friends.
Good
I hv loading problem every time
I Love It
I just like d app
El nuevo navegador es in迆til, alguien sabe c車mo puedo desactivarlo y que abra los enlaces de p芍ginas web en mi navegador predeterminado?
999666
Nice apps easily open anything
Will it work? Probably not.
i cannot turn off notifications on this update version
Nabeel
Gansterma
Nice
This thing happens! Always! Like a year ago i changed my profile pic and i change it to other again and after that i want the pic to be my profile pic but the likes is zero again! At PC the facebook likes are the same but at mobile it isnt! Fix it !
Nice
Messenger should be integrated in yhis app. Thank you
12345
Galaxy S4:  Supposedly you're supposed to be able to turn off notifications for specific posts.  Good luck getting it to actually work.
It is awsome
Awsome.! Sometimes slow but still love it.!
Good
So Good
Videos will not upload
It is the best
Facebook
Working now!
Love This App...:-)
I like it...
Too much bad social app
Fun to see so many people I grew up with
Maintain easy accessing...
Fb getting worse and worse with all the "improvements."
Quck, fast and easier newsfeed
Thought it was great until the new update.... yuck!
ampun
Atttt  goriye
ihatedIT pls fix this version.  cant download even storage is big.
Mark <3
Just great
Good app downloder
Good
Exllent
Permission for camera and gallery ??  No F-ing way !
Bullshit gossip application
Sucks that pictures get pixelated and the resolution becomes lesser once you upload them.
I really love
212
Sign in error
I like it
Would not open.  Horrible app!
Good
Excellent
Love it
Works great
Updated yesterday and its worse. Forces close regularly and when scrolling down news feed it will just suddenly stop randomly and return to the top on its own. Most recent feed should be default too_ not what my friends did yesterday. Really not happy. Please fix it!
good
Iove it
very nice app
Why do we have to download the Facebook Messenger app now Just to send and read our messages. I don't like the lack of privacy with the messaging app or the fact that it accesses my phonebook, call list and cameras. NSA has taken over Facebook. If I could rate it less than 1 star, I would. Give us back our privacy you nosey creepy pedophiles.
Like
Overall is good, but I am up very draining RAM and memory, let alone having to install two applications with the Messenger.
Keeps asking for password and rejects it than wont open because of an error??
omg
Space is too high... please do the app for change to sd.... even can't move to SD. That's problem for me
Begin
Nice
The Facebook app is really slow now.  It takes a long time for pictures and videos to appear.  Not happy!
I finally get around to checking my fb and I constantly keep losing my place because ot continues to update the screen at random intervals. Please stop refreshing the page as I am trying to get through the older stuff! And this is probably a moot point but would really love most recent default, as well as Messenger NOT being a separate app. There are a few other annoyances but sadly nothing better with each update. When will you listen to what the users want? After all with out us, you don't have much.
gud
Love it
OK I'm sick of this! Every time I want to edit movies, books or music, specially music I have to login using browser and request desktop view to do so, why can't we do this just from the app?? WTF fix this and you'll have your five stars back.
ni fb menyebab kan lalai
Status can't copy !! Chuspa still status can't copy !
I cant take any of the quizzes anymore :(
I like it but my mom don't lit me to install it
Keeps telling me no internet connection. Did not do this before new update. Makes the app useless to me if it doesn't work. All my other internet based apps work.
Does not give option to customize post privacy outside of public / friends only.  Also dislike the sudden requirement for a separate messaging app.
Messages gone.
My icon on my home screen quits working, newsfeed bounces back to the top after reading a few posts
Its like yall dont even look at the feedback. App honestly sucks. Give us back messenger and Facebook in one app. Or at least allow me to no longer click on messenger at the top so I dont get a false hope.
Mama liked it
Nice
Better but I would still expect more from Facebook.
Not loving the newest layout! Has "other" become nonexistent when it comes to mail? Becomes less appealing the more I try to use it. ANOTHER UPDATE: 11/7/14, Two updates in one day and the app is force closing. Can't make comments because it shuts down. Can't even scroll news feed. I thought updates were to IMPROVE the fb experience?!?!??
Thanks for adding reply feature. One more thing missing is the ability to search hash tags.
Superb application...!!!!!
just keeps kicking me off
my facebook always crash when im using it.. like i used it only for a minute then crash and a notification always says FACEBOOK NOT RESPONDING..this appears all the time
ios fb is awesome, make it just like that app. Even when we open it, notification bar also changes into almost same like ios notification bar
Videos not plying the app became laggy......and when sometimes I log in the app looks different and better and yet sometimes it stay like it was
I hate it when it opens a link in its own browser. It cant enlarge images.i cant go back until i close all the web pages. Remove this option please.
Good
Very good app
Awesome wow I want to kiss it
Its Fun and lets you know about people and theres games and international stuff , and interesting stuff
Hey, this app is already taking up a lot of RAM. So I have no intention of installing Fb Messenger which takes additional RAM too! I want to access my msgs in the fb app just like before. Simple as that -_-
T
Here in oman this apps is not working
Not loading for 2 days about to uninstall
Rite on
Crashes every time that I use it. Always at different places. However I can't even open my profile page at all. Works amazingly on my Galaxy S5, But all of the issues are in my Transformer Pad.
Its to slow pls fix all the things
Bloody eating 134MB of ram...also since last update..everytym i restart phone fb logs out automatically...pls do something abt it
Like it
Is it necessory to have messenger... without it we can not chat thats not gud otherwise app is gud
Santoshjangam  @75ganicom
Still improvements required
Unable to upgrade
At the time of last version i will give two only bcoz ther is very worest of thiss app.my mobile is going toooo slow with this app after i uninstall this my mobile is doing very fast.
kya
I
It's okkk
Consumes more memory
Supb
Not worth having FB
I ended beta testing and now it wont let me install original facebook. Smh. Trash
Dragonworld

I thought I'm the only one having problem downloading photos, overnite i've waited, nothing happened. Unstalled & installed again.  Please fix.
Wtf its not workingg
Better than iPhone version
Gets worse with every update. Major lag and slowness loading pictures, profiles and displaying information overall. Take Google+ as an example of how a good social app should be. Stick to the new material design guidelines
It feels so much slower. I've always disliked the app, but it's gotten worse.
Most irritation application
Location and GPS are not working again please fix. And notifications are working i can't turn them off nor them on what's going on with this lately. Its veryyy annoying.
Keeps closing for no reason
If you clicked on a link, once you were done you used to be able to reduce and x out of it and return to the feed. Now you can't and you have to keep backing out. VERY FRUSTRATED
I can't see pics that ppl upload with captions anymore just the captions on my tablet! Please fix! My tablet is updated and was working a few days ago
I can be sitting right next to my router, with full wi-fi & be unable to load comments. I also wish I could set my feed to Most Recent & have it stay that way.
I am not getting notifications and miss the toolbar on top
Does what it's supposed to do
Best
Fun
Its cool and everyone should get it
It needs another update since the last one everytime I try to accept request it jus force closes
All of the post in timeline is displaying "just now" instead of the real time that the post posted. Please do fix it.
samsung galaxy s3
I really love it
He'll with it.. why it's asking updation every day ?. Fix ur issues
Good apps
I can't log in... please fix. I checked my email and my password but it says that its invalid
Took 15 minutes to almost install & says not enough storeage! I'm a very unhappy former iphone user--galaxy blows!!! Wtf man
I,like
Now the feature of seeing your notifications bar while in "most recent" is gone... Just more to keep us in "top stories" seeing content from days ago. Oh and that fb browser links take you too?? Lame.
The pictures were not showing even though the internet is strong...... pls fix . Thank you..
I have found funny video in facebook
This resent update screwed up Facebook bad I can go into the app an within seconds my kicked out really getting annoyed with it please fix
WHYYYYYYY would you create an in app browser.  Without users you have no money for investors to be happy
This is apps is very Good
This is faster and easy with every option like in browser.
The App does not load the graphics and videos except for a couple of pages on clearing the RAM. I am using Samsung Galaxy S4, can any one suggest some solution..
Downgrading rating due to messages being separated into a different app.
Liked
WTF! Are the developers even trying to fix this issue? This sucks. Why put out updates if they know its defective and WON'T DO ANYTHING TO FIX IT!
ver..good
Everything I do, it shuts the app down. What's going on?
Bien desesperante; se traba, se sale sola y muy lenta. La odio!!!
nice
awsome
But uses too much memory on phone storage.
Lovely interface :)
annoyed
For an older version
Ok to all time
Now you can't stop notifications on post you've commented on!  Ppl want recent news feed as default! Make it easier to find your post in groups!
Nice
Good
This app gets worse with every update.
Keeps taking me back home when I try logging in, as a result I have to uninstall than install it again in order to log on...please fix it, apart from this everything else work fine
Waste unnecessary update
Slow
I love it
What the he'll is going on with my Facebook tried to reset it that didn't work tried rebooting an still can't get in on Facebook what the hell is going on with this
It's crashed randomly
Still lacks the copy paste option. Separate messaging app. You never got noticed if there's someone's birthday
The latest update is not working properly it have connection problems and it freeze
Can't believe that with the amount of money that FB have they can't do a proper app . Slow,confusing and isn't smooth to use.
It's starting to be boring and the new feeds gave me stories from 3 or 5 days ago, I think most of people don't use it maybe just Facebook messenger !
Takes too much time to load
Getting sick of scrolling through the news feed, after noting being on for a few hours, and all of a sudden it pops up that there are new posts and it takes me back to the top in the middle of scrolling
Loved it
Qafoundation
Why is this app so big? This is the biggest app on my smartphone. You guys should really focus on trying to reduce the app size and a Material Desing Facebook wouldn't hurt anyone. This UI this app haves it's not user friendly. 
Loads feeds very slowly. Uses lots of Memory and lags while in-app navigation. Posts are from ages ago. Only shows few posts. Very very high battery consumption. Push Notification service always run in background and just sucks battery. Just disable App's Notifications and see reduced battery consumption.
Pls make a themes background for facebook
Facebook is crap now.
Will not let me stay on facebook for 5secs before it clicks off
Fb
Stop telling me to vote nd to stop ebola. This is a social network, I don't want ur political view!
:( Aw.
Nice job
Made it poop. I can't click on things/names/pages from my feed and it crash closes all. The. Time. Ugh.
That's ridiculous
Nice app. 
Barely usable at times. How can you get worse with every update? You guys are only going backwards. Don't be proud of your work. You can't even get the job done. Peace out.
Why, Oh why, have you all of a sudden decided to let this run in the background??! I have to close the app via active applications everytime! Makes no sense whatsoever.
Very good
I like it too much. ....
Lovely face chatt
I keep seeing the same posts!
Itake so much of time for log in.
Chat pag may taym
So complicated
Galaxy s4 - what happened to the option to stop getting notifications from a post? It's gone!
Good
Facebook
The latest update causes Facebook to crash and exit as I'm scrolling down. No actual input but it just closes.
This is bad software
Bekaaer
Awesome!!!
Nice
So it keeps kicking me back to the top when I'm really far down and i have to scroll back down to get where i was before and it does it a few times. It's really irritating. Please fix.
Facebook
Facebook
Update this! Can't tag anyone on my statuses. Keep exiting me out when I click on someone profile.
Still a little funky... Wish it was as functional as iphones is.
Mapangit
Very slow
Love it
Updates are out of control.  Leave well enough alone.  Update fixes one problem and creates 5 more.  Great job security,  but HORRIBLE customer support
the last version is closing every minute
After I updated the app, the photos are not opening.. There is only a refreshing button in the centre of the blank photo. It's really irritating!! Plzzzzzz fix it asap!!
Nice
the best
Please don't simply refresh without my permission. Reading something and it just scroll up to top page without any warning. Pathetic
Need it anyway.
I need to see most recent stuff. Not the darn top stories and whatever happened hours ago. Simple things like pictures, this app sure is having problems loading them. Oh dear.
You really need to add the top/recent post thing to this app. Because everythings everywhere.
What the hell is going on.  It keeps closing randomly
I get not responding a lot that sucks fix that one...
kampot
Once a see a post then go to another app that app cradhes
Can't turn off notifications on certain post who wants to keep getting notifications that you don't want it's really aggravating fix it I don't know why in the hell that option was taken out anyway
Facebook app
It's fine I got free anti virus
Can't see pics
Cannot install due to error 916
Sk kool
App
Facebook is so awesome!!!!
This app is wrkng properly when I updated this app is not wrkng properly  I'm trying to open par this app is not opening they saying always try again pls fix itttt I'm again updating nowww pls fix this prblm
Stop these freaking crap for updates each time is worse the. The last!!!!
I love the newer one
Finn
Ok when im ever trying to wach Netflix it says sorry Facebook is not working right know .so this my last time using this app cause it suck
Helpful
I need for new facebook
Wait a minute. So, you removed messenger, to make the app lighter and faster, and added a BROWSER, which is sluggish, useless, and eats resources like candy? Well done retards
Waiting for a fix
It's very low..and.when I log out it log me in by itself
Love it
It said something abot it expired then it logged me off
MATERIAL DESIGN PLEASEEEEEEEE !
Awesome!
Love it

Cannot log out
Latest update SUCKS!
I have problems with posting pictures in comments. When I hit the photo button the app crashes
Gogle
Constantly crashes while scrolling through my news feed.     Please fix!!! Sprint Galaxy s5
Meetu mathur
Very fast
I'm wondering who these people are that are giving this app 5 stars!? Very questionable! Since the app is clearly garbage
Can't tag people who are not friends but who have commented on a post I'm trying to tag them in. Since the last update this ability has disappeared.
Its okay
Wth its crashing everytime i open it
Rather than adding new features (browser) that are broken from the get-go Facebook should spend their efforts fixing the mess of an app they already have. Apps made by highschool kids work better than this.
Notifications shows 7 new comments but I can see only 4 of them. Even worse for likes as notifications sometimes drop out random likes so that I am not notified and see them. Keep showing 'no internet connection' while I can update news feeds by internet browser at that time.
Love thus app
Always fails to update my wall. Commets/wall says 'unable to connect' where as my internet connection doesn't have any problem. I'm able to watch videos on youtube without any problem but my facebook wall takes ages to update. RIDICULOUS.
Sahi hai
Being able to turn off notifications from the post was Great feature that needs to come back
Only thing it tells me everyday is to update!!!!no changes no improvements!! Just eats up our data!!!
I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S4 and it keeps crashing? There's no improvement since its everyday updating. FIX IT!
Connecting with the world !
I m not able to instala facebook to my mobil sony e1.... Pls someone help me....
Really bad, too slow it feezez alot update pls
Another FB app update another round of glitches....auto update earlier this afternoon and now I cannot comment or like posts. Seriously?!! Another update (11/14) and now the app keeps closing / crashing!!
Stops all the time. When I'm trying to read or find a post...annoying.
1. Friends having birthday on the exact day is not showing on the list. The list is just showing friends that have birthday during the month and so on.                                                          2. Videos stopped every time I touched the screen just to know how long it'll last.
New update sucks 
whenever i start this app... It closes And shows memory full.
I like it
Greg Yeargan
Why messenger always showing and asking to download which it made my divice slow and began not having privacy with my contacts?fix that essue..

Good
Update become more worst
Not sure what happened with the update but no longer can stop notifications from a post that you don't want to keep receiving notifications on. Also the app has crashed a few times. Please fix for 5 stars ..
sunita
12345
Thanks
Good
Zbody
Images are not loading properly. And it too slow
Constantly scrolls up to the top. By the time I get back to where I was, I only get through a few post before it does it again.
Mani
Fb is a very nic app
Thanks
Suprb
Fun
Should not have to go to a different menu to see the latest news feed posts
Facebook
It' marvellous
liked it
It's kool
this app ohsem
crashes and freezes up all the time will not load half the time wont let me share and extremly super slow now worked fine on my milestone x until the previous few updates and hardly updates post im about ready to delete for good please fix problems
problems with some videos i can't open
Why does your app reset my settings every time it updates. Its really annoying and I'd like it if you fixed that. ASAP
K
Quick load how?
I have a note 2 and after the last update it never logged in...fix this fast and I will give u more stars
Like
Horrible face book is taking up too much space!!
Loads of bits fail and need work to be used.
Very good
I have yet to get Facebook to open since the update. Wish I would have not updated this at all!!!
Hey guys I don't know why you hate this app it's Facebook guys it's nothing
Your what's new section says that I can untag myself but since this new update that's the one thing I can't do. I'm hating the notifications from tagged posts and can't do anything about it.
The vibrate it makes is the same as my texting and I check to find out some one invited me to a game I dont care about. Also needs to stop notifying me when someone else post a picture or something. I don't give a crap
Pictures won't display....the older versions were awesome, now it is crap. Waiting months for a fix. I have to use Chrome to use Facebook from my mobile.  Ridiculous.
Please add photo save option
The news feed refreshes without me manually doing it while I'm scrolling thru posts. I will be reading something and it refresh to the top of the page before I finished reading. That's rather annoying. The constant updates just cause more bugs and glitches. Please stop and fix what's wrong, not keep bringing out new features.
Hhn
very bad
Facebook
It wont load sometimes, really slow, I see post from 3 says ago..it takes me forver tu dee current post..
Nice and smooth
First cllass
I a happy
I cannot do check in on my fb.if i do it says there location cannot determined..tell me what to do..
Good
Poor
I can't watch some videos!!! Nothing happens when I try n click on them
WHAT HAPPENING
iam yousing this aplicketion
Facbok
A worldwide social network like this deserves a better app.
Like
I liked it
It sure got better
What is with that annoying sound? Take it out
This app can't load any pictures at any post ?!
I LIKED VERY MUCH
gooda
This app is a piece of garbage now. I didn't care about top stories I want to see what's happening now, not 4 days ago... remove your heads from your butts and quit doing updates just to do updates if it ain't broke don't fix it... your app developers are a special kind of stupid! Why the hell should I have to click 4 different places to see most recent stories, and once I get there I have no access to the notification icon... flat effing stupid!!!
Pretty annoying to scroll way down your timeline only to have it randomly refresh so you lose your place. Oh, and why can't you copy text from a timeline post?? LG G3
Nice!
It loads at first and then after about 10 seconds the page freezes and kicks me out. No problem on any other app in my phone....sort it out Facebook!!
Very Good
better app,thank all
Very good
when i am browsing my facebook after few seconds push me back to new stories again and again automatically but i want to stay on old story
laging errOr..pooR cOnneCtiOn..
It stopped syncing my pics and giving me notifications. I also hate that you need to download a separate app for messaging. Takes up too much space.
Facebook is a social media. We should published a useful post on the Media.
Rich experience
AHHHHH FRUSTRATING Facebook constant loading problems.stop changing it all the time
Att appp0
Need to fix soon!!!
Love Facebook
Hated it !                                  No'just kidding not even tried yet
Fudu aa
Avy coca
Woow
I hate it doesn't have other messages an
Wow
Hey what happen to you guys?? Your commenting bad about facebook? You did not realize that they are trying their best to give you the highest quality they could give, and at the first place at 1 billion Download and there are only  thousands of you complaining about service have you guys never encountered the word patience and contentment?
super
Stupid 'top news feed stories'! Very unimportant feature! Make 'most recent' as default!! Nobody likes it!!
Love Facebook..
Moat
WhatsApp a very interesting chatting app
This app has created more problems than anything lately it doesn't load half time and keeps trying to refresh but can't and it doesn't let me read anything I may have missed. Keeps going back up to top before I can read a story or post from four hours ago.
I liked it so.much
Love it
Best for time passing
This app now lags like crazy and I get an error when refreshing my news feed. It makes my phone lag too. This need to be fixed right now.
I liked
Sometimes it's great, but it was forced onto my phone with no way to delete and each update crashes more than the last.
This app is so good i love it
enjoy....time
First messenger stopped working kicking me out of it every time I tried to use it and now my  notifications aren't working this is ridiculous
Its the best thing in the world

i cant move to my sd card
Facebook
Why i cant d0wnl0ad this app. Hmmpf!
Worst messaging ever
Khalid786
Hey dumbasses at Facebook I want to see the most recent news feed without clicking on ten things.  Fix this now!
when im playing games or doing others it always pop up this whole
UI is worse that in g+, twitter or vk
love it
Chandu
Great
Lovely app
:)
Not loading half of the posts....  Annoying me pls improve
Nice one
Nice
Have to keep removing and 're downloading because it freezes and stops loading
It's no longer letting me turn post notifications off and newsfeed is still showing posts out of order
Wtf is happening to fb? No photos on my newsfeed. When my friend changes profile picture, its not popping up. Please fix this
Crash crash crash.... it crash on my nexus 7 many times plz update and fix this problem...
Can't turn off notifications on certain post who wants to keep getting notifications that you don't want it's really aggravating fix it I don't know why in the hell that option was taken out anyway
Why not be like Google+ design all wanna that
Why does this app require an update everyday? It's really annoying!  It doesn't even seem to improve much at all with the updates.
Refresh interval has been set to never but still refreshing while reading. Idiot app.
Facebook
Galaxy ace old virsion: 
Too much space needed for this app. Otherwise superb...:)
Succesfuly.
Loved it
I update the app yesterday, and after that it is not working properly. Loading tooks time many times, and many images are not showing. Pls improve this app.
It updates the app about every other day without ever adding new features
great
Not for use this app....
Facebook.
always force close always running in background
Love it FAB
Kalpana is my life
Its fine
You can no longer turn off notifications for wall posts you comment on.  I've gone back to using the web app until the developers put that back in.
It keeps buffering the homepage. .profile. . Everything till forever! It became useless. literally.
Very poor update
Andiswa komanisi
This app si so easy for my id
i always let me up load stuff lol
Nice
I mean.....its just essential as a passport...lol
GRAND 2
To much space used
But not show updets just now why
It is showing a network problem after this update. Not even able to log in.
Please fix the bugs. The new update is worst than the last one.
Excelent
Its not fast,my account stop working
I've given up with this Piece of Useless crap
Ang bagal magdownload
Loved it
KoThu
We want material design in Facebook hated its design laggy slow and flickering scrolling crap.....fix it
How do you stop games requests
Horrible
Worxs great!!
.
Wow
Everything works well but takes up too much of cache, internal memory & RAM..please improvise
Why in the Whats New part description do they always say the same improvements as last 5 updates and when you first install facebook its only lets say 25mb but now after all updates its 150mb size??
Khazrt
Marwat
Loss extra mb
cant  log in after last update
Good
Luv dis app
I used this
My news feed show the same thing
Since update it closes and freezes up every time I try to scroll . Hurry up and fix it !!!
.how 2 change e-mail???arghh i hate ...dame
been seeing post from 20 hrs to 2days ago.. i dont think i have few friends..
I see all my friends
Meet friends throughout the whole world
Difficult to download and also difficult to upgrade
Veery kool
Its a shame with so many users, this app functions like this. Comments dont load, slow, heavy on resources and battery. Guess there is no benefit to FB to optimize this app when people accept it in its current form.
Man i tell you, the worst thing you can hardly believe is FACEBOOK. Don't try!
Hidden
Sucks it never opens in my phone after the previous update
All is well
Thats garet
What is going on with your app? It's ridiculous do you test out the app updates and new things you do to them before you send them out to the public? It doesn't work I'm not getting any pictures at all. Nothin. Ridiculous! apparently you don't know what you're doing and your fixing things that aren't broke! Get it together! I'm uninstalling your app
I can't do nearly as much as I can while being on the computer. laggy, slow, and won't let me create groups effectively or upload pictures to the group easily
Amit
A good app
I'm fed up with seeing the same posts when I log in twice when there have been other posts meanwhile or seeing a good morning message from the previous day at 12am. Same when you view posts in a group.  Make an option for chronological viewing!
Update every day
I like it
Love
Excellent
Why there are not any 'dislike' functions in Facebook? There are only 'like' function in Facebook. I will rate the Facebook more stars if there are 'dislike' functions in Facebook.
App was very good feeling exited updated my tablet  to android kitkat version
But more improvement but better than before
Facebook.
Thanks
whats wrong with facebook now.... always problem while upload picture.... so suck
it's very good
Can't click people's names any more. It will show that it can be clicked but doesn't lead anywhere. Fix please!
Good
OK
Absolutely unstable!!!
Okay now but the memory Consumption
Previous version had a better way of playing videos
Yaa allaaha
When it comes to speed i like the old version better.
This app is awesome
Worst app ever!
Can't leave comments. Half my likes don't stay. News feed is messed up. Things from weeks ago show up in news feed. Thinking of uninstalling.
Nice
Not connected
Easy and nice app it has a problem when you open a picture it take a lot of time
GOOD APP MY BEST APP
It'ok. Need more
OMG! What happened to the ability to turn off notifications?? This is horrible.
From bad to worse
Orakzai
Photo doesn't show on update version!!!!!!
Very slowly open photosr.
Can't click page links from items shared in my timeline.
Bugs! Bugs! N Bugs keep closing all time
It's very good..... I like it...but very slow working on 2G network.. I want more stylish design... And shortcut button must..and tagg only 50 people..

Very slow app. Unresponsive at most times.
Pls remove ur messenger apps ads! no need to install this because they have already  messenger in ur facebook apps.
Marvelous
very good
This is awesome nnn
Loveit
Very nice and useful app for all peoples
Clicking on the name of a person or group on my time line no longer does anything.
I cant even find the photos! Honestly i dont like the new updates of this app!! I cant uninstall the updates since my phone is note 2 it has no built in facebook... thats why i download then i cant uninstall updates but i can uninstall this apps! How can you help me to remove the new updates? Please help me!
I cant download this aap coz of error please fix it or i'll give 5 stars
Very very trending
I like it
In this version i'm not able to dellet taged posts with me
Nice
Koi jyada achcha nahi mujhe to watsapp hi pasand h.
Since the new update it freezes the whole time and shuts down. Plssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss fix it
Tried the app on multiple devices and it just crashes whenever I try to do anything remotely more than writing a post.....this app is changing for the worst each update

Facebook
Verrryyy horrrible...
When I change my profile picture or cover pic that I had set bfr it set as a new one I need it to be old plz change it
After the update I can no longer click on people's names to go to their page on a galaxy s5 phone
Kkk
What happened?  I tap on a pic and when I go back to the main screen its somewhere else instead of where I want it. Its like your controlling the site. Please fix it.
Always stuck.. please fix it.
Before, the app works fine. Now, it seems that some portions, such as most photos, don't even load anymore.
Crashes often
Doesnt load properly on my SGS...keeps freezing. Hav to use mobile browser....if have to do dat only den wat is d use of dus app...??? Fix it fast guys
Getting worse all the time. Bring back messaging to the ONE APP. Stop auto refreshing and rearranging crap on the page while I am still scrolling through the feed! Get it together Facebook.
No option for Top Comments, profile and cover photos must be cropped and can't be uploaded as their original size, lacks a built-in photo editor. The UI itself is bad, the news feed is awful, it's only showing group posts now, while rarely ever showing pages/friends updates, yeah the 100s of pages that I've liked are buried somewhere, only 3-4 of them are showing now. pages' ads and app recommendations are everywhere.
Facebook
Good only but not best
Nic 1
What happened to the ^ to unfollow posts??    Also- STOP FREEZING. Facebook opens. Use it for 20 min. Half battery life instantly gone. Phone lags. Facebook stops responding. Force stop FB. Phone is instantly better. Problem is obvious.
terbaik
Pretty!
Fabulous
This last update is hopeless,  my samsung galaxy tab3 crashes constantly.  Its now completely unusable,  fix it please !!! 
Hey you retards of the Facebook, when do you allow us to read group posts with most recent first? Anyone who rates this with more than 3 stars is a clueless idiot.
Enough with the updates.. also what happened to letting you turn off notifications on a post you comment on.
I loving it
Senthil
Keka
Love it
i loved it
Facebook
It has improved a lot.. But even sometimes when I am online some posts doesn't load telling I am offline
the world is getting smaller thru facebook :-)
Good
I need more update!!!!!!!!!! ;(
Pics that were posted by my friends wont appear on the news feed. What the hell did u do to this app?? It was awesome before i updated it
Calidad
Gud
fab
Vh
Mudah dn senang
good for fun stuff! :)
Recent updates have made it fast
Cant Unfollow A Post  .. Also Cant Stop Notifications From A posT I Commented ..
The update made it completely useless. My app won't load anything. And I'm not exaggerating. My newsfeed won't load.  The update before this kept showing me old things in my newsfeed as well. You're better off deleting it.
Every update gets worse.  Now the toolbar at the top is gone when I go to my most recent news feed!  You should change your pics for the app store.  Its like false advertising.
Even after the last update I still don't have a way to turn off notifications where I've made comments.
Good
Santana44
What's the point of Facebook if you post something and everyone doesn't see it until two days later? I don't care what someone posted yesterday morning. Need to be able to view most recent, real time news feeds.
I cant see post with photos. Difficult to see comments. To long to load... old version is better. (Samsung Note 8.0)
Not instaling galaxy mini gts5570 plz fix it plzzzzzz
Vvvvvvvv goood
Thanks to fb
Why load so slow wait almost an hour need an update facebook -,- twitter is much better fast come on facebook update to be fast and my wifi bar is full connection
Like the the newest update of facebook
After making the last update, It is not letting me sign in.when i try to signin ,It is showing " UnknownHostException or SSLEXception etc etc .my wifi working ok with d   other apps.had done too many trials..no chance. . :(

chat and group conversations are a joke, right?
Good
I can't do anything I click on a link in a comment and go to a blank page it won't take me out of fb stop now what it's pointless to me I can't do anything with this stare at a blank screen ..I'm not happy no one is
Trusteed
really luv it! like! like! like!
Slow . Doesnt let u see comments, half tome doesnt load news feed
Both mine and my wife's will crap out at random times. We now have to use either our phones or the computer to use Facebook. Googling the issue we found we are not the only ones with the problem. Is there a fix in the works? Clearing cache, factory reset and reinstalling does nothing. Fix it dammit!!!
It was more user friendly, better inbox messaging, better info of correspondent...
Now a days it starts to lag ....and feels unresponsive ...and it really annoys me ..fix that ...u get your 5 * ,,,,, using Galaxy note 2
Yes
aijaz shah@ com767
It isn't loading right.
Its nice.
Cant see pictures on news feed
Love it
Won't log in after a few mins it tells you to try again later or check your net wokr
Why don't download video from Facebook
Hassan
It won't even load for me. I've submitted to the developer and NO response. This has to be an Android problem because my wife's Apple is fine as is my Blackberry. This app on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 is useless.
Best App for social network
Amazing
Can't see peoples pics only statuses!!! Very annoying.
Can't change notifications!
It's good
Communication app
I think it time to upgrade it
ne kmsta kna
Make it more fluid! Keep going till you hit the spot!
It shows as a low quality picture
Is very important but we missing something
It is very good but I don't like its one thing that we must download messanger.......I hate messanger
Plsss ! Fix the video send bug
Videos are freezing a lot and makes my device stuck. Than got the the fc error
Waste of time. Can't share,post etc without being kicked out. News feed all out of time, acts completely randomly....rubbish for tablet. Facebook getting to be just one big advertising gig now anyway.....Hello twitter!
Ar mato faltu app.s ar dekhi nai
Does not do anything for me
Great Apps
Noor1256.
Your updates very rarely work correctly.  Please hire people who know what they are doing.  I can't post a status, look at profiles or load my feed.  My feed hasn't updated since yesterday afternoon.
Ok
Very nice
Don't gave up... God bless
It's take so much of Memory and take many time for setting up
Deepthi
M nasir
I can't see others photo on newsfeed! Why? It's really annoying! How to give like or comment if u can't see the photo! Pls fix it!
I just kept updating it and it has now gone up to 96mb... Not worth it
I DONT NEED IT ITS JUST ANOTHER HEADACHE
just when I think it can't get any worse.... it does!!! viewing comments and likes takes forever. everything is taking forever to load and I'm WiFi connected. how does this app even have 4.0 stars???
Selvam
Ok
Excellent
cant install it....i hate this
Awesome
Worst ever I have experience coz when I log out we need to do it for how many times, no good....
Every time there is even one new post it completely garbles my news feed and I can't even finish what I was doing because I completely loose my spot.
A vry good app pllzz download and give 5 stars
Abc
The news feed doesn't load properly. It says check internet connection when I have full 4g LTE signal. Get it together!!!!
Lateat update f*ckin' sucks! It automatically goes back to top feed every 30 seconds!!!!! The hell!!!!
Its a great deal
Lovet
relax
Don't even find words to express :(
Wasting time
Pappu bhagat
Cool
Extremely wonderful
News feed will not update at all. I've been trying for a day now. I can't open links or anything, it just brings up a white screen.
I dont like making a crop of the photo profile I want the old version of facebook when put the original photo as it is
Bring messaging back its stupid to need two apps
Hate that you have to have messenger thigh to read your messages
;) love it
I cant even get to the Notification alerts in App Settings to turn off notifications for a particular post. When i click notifications,  I only see where i can edit How i want to receive alerts. ...not the actual conversations.....
Love
I cant log in sometimes!!!
nice
Good
Khaa
Facebook
Love it new update :*
Loads slower and can't see notifications anymore! How can I downgrade to a lower version? Total regret
Awesome
Sila berikan bantuan memudah dalam face book ok.
I updated it last night and now I cant even use it. When I open it all it keeps saying is setting up Facebook.  Fix this and that messenger app
Keeps just going back up to the top by itself when I'm about halfway through my newsfeed
Nice
videos play nhi hote h aisa kaisa update hota h ye  ...nihayti bakwas Ghtiya no.1 .....
When I click a link I want to go to my default browser. NOT use an in app browser. Give me the functionality to turn your in app browser off
Is da best . the latest v is crap . pls give me a link 4 a older version
Superb...I m d next CEO of Facebook:-);-)           B-)
Can't click on a name and go to that page. Slow loading of pages. Please fix.
It kills the battery and the RAM...
Taking a hour for downloading..And my storage is not full yet but when im installing Faceboo k app getting error
It is very best
I love this app.
......
Ram Ram Bhai Ji
-,- Not an good app .
Life without fb no way
:(
App crashes *constantly*. So sick of it.
Ok
Oky
Latest update broke app.
naice
So, the browser is integrated but the messenger is separate? Wow.
Still can't access my messages within the Facebook app. I don't want a downgrade.
Lots of bugs especially not able to play videos or anything after last update
Great but does still freeze now and again
Extent.
All our family members.
Here's the problem,why every time I'm scrolling to see the post in the news feed,the apps keep refresh it into new page.Its really,really,really annoying.Start fixing this bug please
great
Facebook
Fb is so aggressive I see people so rude im about to stop using it fb should not allow people like that on it smh
Slow. lagging.  The worst ever. Especially recently.
Pero usahay mo log man mao bati kaai pwede maau nga manindjot pa ni. Pwede change color nsd.
What happened to the sounds...  They're gone all of a sudden. I really liked the sounds.
I like it
It rots my brain, and hypnotize me.
Facebook is the best app
Its amazing.....

Good
I like it but, Mb is so much.
Crash crash crash.... it crash on my nexus 7 many times plz update and fix this problem...
Always goes back to the top of the newsfeed when you're scrolling down the best newsfeed, pictures don't load, needs a lot more work
The new update has made the app crash alot on my phone now. Links reset, comments glitch. I'm using a laptop to use Facebook now. Horrible update
Connecting for all friends
I cant open facebook and then.my phone goes off. My battery drained within 2 minutes. Why is this upgrade so pathetic.
Crashes everytime I open it. ...for a month now. ...DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN shame. ...FIX or Facebook is a bust...wtf
Great app!
Remove the messenger because its to slow and I can't switch account.
Ngon
Facebook
There is so much loading when I open this app however when I log in to Facebook from Google Chrome or any other browser there is no loading its good but not good at all
Gud
Old version was oly gud this version iS vry slow fix ths u ill five stars n fix it fast
I've already founded the 'Mostra Recent' option, on my personal Tab.
I don't why'd you have to keep changing things here. Plus i hate the fact that i couldn't check my notifications whenever i'm on my profile mode. Now i have to go back and back and back just to check my notif. It's time consuming!! I really hate it!
I have every time an error news feed in this app and no news feed again in messeger .. galaxy s4
I like it this app but network is very slow
nice
Slow hai jee thoda
Nice social app
Loved it
Kiran
e ed
Yeah its nice
Very good app for the mobile Socialization.
This update is far better...!!!
BUT always hang and automatically Forced close  & slow loading...i needed this application so please kindly fix so i can re'install it again..thank you & more power :)
Is debes
Please fix. Doesn't upload anything.
Loved it
There is no problem with mine.
Very good
Love the app
Worst ever
Maybe I will like this because I love Facebook but I haven't use this app
Ok
Loved it
I don't like the new updated of Facebook now.if i go to news feed u can't see the picture their post.
Great
Thanks
Loved it
Having problem with logging in.. always ask for a browser before I log in.... worst ever... why.....
Sign in problem....what hapend....?
.how 2 change e-mail???
Every other day is annoying but worth it will hopefully never have to give Facebook up..special friends and family
Th
Keeps shutting me down just about every time I try to do something!!!  Very aggravating!!!! :/  never used to do that..  don't know what's going on here lately......
Good social networking
I love this app
Excellent
hai fb thanks too you your so helpful to find more frnds and brothers and sisters
Fast
Worst ever
I m lving it......!!
Nice
Awsome
Good App.
I love it
Doesn't seem like anyone at facebook knows how to design apps for HCI at all on smartdevices
Ok
I like it
Jalal
Had to install the stupid thing 4 or 5 times at least!
Nice for life
The best
Still makes my phone hang
Yadaw
Love it .
When i try to login it says account temporarily unavailable and facebook needs to open a browser in order to regain access to my account,however when i try to open the browser it fails! Help please.
where is friend request sent option...
sonu
Really poor after updated
Its good
Why can't you just click on the person and look at their profile? It seems the only way you can get anywhere is to actually add them. I want to see their profile so i know i'm requesting the right person!
Totally Can't load photo
I read an article from a friend. Suddenly I read it again seven posts later. Then again five posts later. Then again nine posts later... I have over a hundred friends, let me do social networking instead of personal marketing. Come on facebook, do me a favor just once?
Just need few more changes
I cannot press on people's names from news feed, it takes forever to load and it is still top stories and not most recent. This update is the worst by far. Fix it!
Every update helps a starving child in Africa, so I'm very thankful that Facebook is doing the right thing by giving us major updates everyday. This is the reason why I eagerly wait every single day for Play Store to pop a notification for a Facebook update so I can contribute to Facebook's heartwarming effort. I'm encouraging everyone to join me by also updating this app everyday. Together, we can make a difference and finally end world hunger.
Cant download
The best sociwl site
nice and well.
Loved it..
Yeah

Its on the android wear list but doesn't work with wear... Why?    Does anyone read these reviews? If so action them!
So gogius
Worst app i have ever met!!!!
Sajjad
Google

Gmda
I can see my picture, news.. etc on fb
Good
I can't even send messages without it repeating no connect, looking for network.
EXCELLENT
This app won't work on any android device as well as it should. It's poorly optimised and a real memory hog, not to mention the battery eater. Hopefully, someone will take initiative and look up to all the great apps out there and make Facebook one of them again.
Why cannot turn off the notifications on most post in Facebook Android or in mobile mode? Kindly fix!
The best app of world
Its very strong social media. ..    Every person liked it....
Excellent
Coooooooooooooooooool
hv problems logging in after last update
Abe
K
good
Facebook
Nothing loads!!!!!
Doesn't load, have to close and reopen every 2 minutes. Absolute junk.
Facebook
Great app 
Very slow
Nice. Keep it up
Good
Just let me download it!!!
Ok
To allow Facebook to read any and all your text messages on your phone,  to allow Facebook to delete your calendar and to allow Facebook to disconnect your WiFi and force the phone to use the carrier network!!  Your permissions suck...
All photos on my news feed are not appearing and the worst is it takes my phone to load like forever...
No other application freezes and autoshuts as beautifully as this one does. It knows the things I hate and repeatedly forces them at me, like a nurturing mother to a 40 year old. Great job guys. An application that causes headaches, heartburn and anger management issues. This is sublime. I can tell how often you actually listen to complaints and reviews, because updates only tinker with privacy issues; just dandy! The sponsored pages, the infuriating most popular news feed & compulsory messenger app are wow
Jazani
Why it doesn't show photo when my friends changes their profile picture in my newsfeed .. please fix this .. :(
PRUTHVI   L   SUPEr
Good
100/100
Kajalphotostudio
Mwaaah
11
Ia bagus untak mengenali sedara mara yg jauh dan ia juga kurang baik untuk kita jadi gunakan ia dengan baik
Great
The worst update ever.. want to login but no server available try again n again n again no response
Stop the automatic refresh! When it does that, instead of rereading the comments,  I just turn off Facebook. Maybe I should thank you. It limits the time I spend on it.
Keeps hanging, need to press log out button nth times to log out. Already sent more than 20 complaints, no action.
Hay
Its using up space and my hp will lags.. besides tat its still agreat app n for d effort I'll still give 5stars....
Good
friends ..,     Love all.......,           Surve all.......,
I dnt like the fb nw its make my app not working even though i had my mobile data
Make it take me to the browser when viewing articles, the iOS style thing dont work.
Worst.after latest update,canot login.
Doesnt work over wifi...where is the help????
Saibi
Best sapeed pargamiss
Wanderfull app
I love it now
Aman
Messenger
Now it's running fine in my Mobile. Using Moto G.
My phone only has 1 gig app storage and this app uses 15% of it
Its k.but not that much good n not that much bad
Hides recent posts in the very back of the application. Again what is the developer thinking? To make this while experience a chore? Seriously stop making things complex and layered and focus on quick and streamlined.
Whats going on......keeps booting me out....so frustrating samsung 3
good
Errors remain, drains battery too fast
After making the last update, It is not letting me sign in.when i try to signin ,It is showing " UnknownHostException or SSLEXception etc etc .my wifi working ok with d  same phone other apps.had done too many trials..no chance. . :(
Nice
Good
:-)
Excellent
Keeps closing itself down won't let me go down past half my news feed!!  will only load half of then, then say Facebook is not responding!
its very great app i give it 5 stars....
It didn't even let me log in... have to delete it & install it..

Now becoming unusable as it constantly crashes.
Wont load images.
nice app
The best ever
I'm not able to add any picture plzz can u fix this else I'll start hating this app :(
Doesn't work properly most of the time
good
Can't play videos!
Like
Connecting people around the world
The best app
simply better..!!!
It's mind blooing I give to fb 100 stars
Nice
Needs most recent stories as default.
Mast
I can be right down a page reading articles and the page will randomly jump to the top again and this is annoying as then I have to find out where I was again and it will have added new stories to, I wouldn't mind if I had pushed the new stories button but it happened WHILE I was scrolling down so I know its not me pushing it by accident. Please fix problem and I'll give more stars as it is making me not want to use Facebook at all. Thanks.
My favorite social ever...
Good
Works good on Sony Xperia Neo V running ICS.  Could be better.  Friendcaster Pro still is faster and has a nicer interface.
Txt still too small.  I have vision impairment!!!  Also No  fwd  button only back button
Why I can't turn off the chat and appear disconnected .. There are some noisy people --"
Needs more improvements!!!
It's fast.!
Facebook have to show wat kind of phone when u update ur picture of status massage,like blackberry software.
What have you done?! News Feed in completely random order. Not showing the latest updates first. Surely there's an option somewhere to show most recent? Please fix.
Golu
Did they remove the "Recent Activity" section for friends pages, or "Recently Added Friends" ??  Can't find that info anywhere anymore, or even Pokes... Why!? Very disappointing... :-/
Abewickrama
94166235
Ilike
Hate having to us fb messenger on phone to send private messages! It makes my phone slow!
Takes up way too much space
Within a couple of weeks it's gone from ok to absolute rubbish. Sorry but it takes forever to load a page. If I click on a notification I have to wait a while only for it to then tell me it can't find page. Needs sorting!
verry slow to loading news field
Best For 2G users....
Nice update but can't view the birthday notification..!!  Plz fix it..
App for communication
Material design might make the app look afresh.....its been too long and this app need a visual overhaul
i like this app much much
It is a good facebook for samsung.
Nice
ofsfjhc
It is cool
I am not able to see my friends' uploaded photos in the news feeds! Pls help
I'm using android 4.2 and my app manager shows my fb app is still active even after I've closing it.I have to force stop the app every time after using it because it drying my battery very quickly.Please fix my problem and I'll give you ∴∴∴∴∴.
god
Seip...
Nice
Gv
Its a fast and easy way to login into facebook, its kinda slow and it shuts down at times. Its an ok app though.
Could be better
I deleted this app by mistake and  I'm try to download it again and it won't let me with out Wi-Fi but I have data on my phone this is bullshit
Sajid
Do somthing

More better with foto coment
ok google
Coudnt download it
Young savage Great app
Gh
This app is goood . tagging and sticker comments are very goood :)
Take a lot of time to open
Am uninstalling. Is totally user unfriendly
No most resent in this update.
The easy way to have access to facebook

I use facebook regularly and I'm tiered of seeing post from a day or 2 ago and it refreshes every so often so I have to scroll through post I've already seen
Superb !!
Super
Liked it
Cant load the pics pls fix -_-
It speaks for itself...
That't perfect....
Bring back the video album
Slow and heavy!
App redesign is completely nonsensical. The fact that it's been deliberately made impossible to display the newsfeed by "most recent" (by default), as opposed to the useless foundation that is "top posts" makes this app a complete, utter frustration and overall misery to use. It seems common sense went down the toilet along with ethics over at facebook HQ. This is a farce mockery of end-user software.

not working
Faadu app
Cherry Ann B Rolle
Every time i sign in, the app always ask me to syncronize. It is inconvenient. Plz fjx this.
Weeeeee
deborah great gamesin
Dinn yha raat yh bt plz made a app of fb like whts app quik n fast in 2g network
Can't view my friends pages, notifications are not working, i.e. the hyperlink is not active. Sort it out. I have had to use my web browser to fully make use of the social network.

It's horrible that I have to install messanger to read my messages or write anyone.. that app kills my battery and makes my phone slow..
Fast
Really changed a lot !
its good to communicate for my familys
It is the best appp
Do Not Copy Status and Photo
j
Can't get it too open this last few days just won't respond......
Keeps kicking me off the app
I don't have my Facebook application on auto update, matter fact none of them are on auto update. Wondering why was it updated without my permission. SMDH I WILL UPDATE WHEN I'M READY NOT WHEN YOU WANT ME TO
I love it...
Chhina
lol
Love it!
I like it
BRILIANT
After months it still jumps to the top of the newsfeed whenever it refreshes. Meaning I have to scroll through all the posts I already looked at trying to find where I was previously
Right?
Everytime I open this app on my Galaxy Tab3, it closes itself down. Have tried reinstalling numerous times but the problem still exists. Works on my Galaxy S3 phone but not the tablet. My tablet is fully updated with the software. Not sure why its not working???
Love it!
The videos don't seem to run on this version, it's annoying
So slow
Ngek ngok
Gajju   sahu
Manju
Jose
Many improbment needed!  & personalization
I love it
Nice
J
Nice
Its getting heavier and heavier, but facebook still the same, come on!!..point to performance, not eyecandies...
Version
Add create group option please...
Superb
Every single time I am using this app, it freezes and crashes. Please fix this poor excuse for an app!
give back inbuilt message
Cool
Pappu
Life part
The new update has pushed in app Internet browser and now it's impossible to read a single Web page without being targeted by millions of spam and blinking advertisements. Well done, Facebook, you have ruined completely my mobile experience! You deserve nothing but 1 star!
Scrolling is hit n miss. ... reading a news feed is impossible. Add it constantly flicks back to the newest post... The font in certain articles is so small is unreadable. .. sharing a post puts you back to the newest posting ... If i could find another app that worked I'd ditch this in a heartbeat!
Best mail
Tell me how to turn off notification of post and tags.
Wow great
Seems to get worse with every update, crashes many times.
Lisagipson
It's nice to have to communicate.
This app will do simple things but if you click on pictures or video it crashes. Please fix this app!
Hi
majid
Nice
Time flows in one direction, why can't you guys understand that and give us chronological order that doesn't refresh every time you get an hour or two into in?
Nooot good......
Ok
Wow
can.t message without upload messanger...
Its so good. !
a apps my good fever
Nice one
Why the hell..!! Photos are not being displayed in news feed
New Facebook sucks!!! Profiles don't load, you can't turn notifications off, I,can't see my messages or anything while viewing most recent news, which is stupid to not have the most recent news first anyways!!! Its slow. I hate it. Gonna try using Facebook just through my browser from now on.
Fb is my life..
FACEBOOK PLEASE GIVE ME BACK  MY ACCESS TO PRIVATE INBOXES VIA THIS FACEBOOK APP??? IM NOT DOWNLOADING MESSENGER COS ITS POINTLESS HAVING 2 FACEBOOK APPS IN MY PHONE.....I  DEARLY NEED TO STAY INTOUCH WITH MY FRIENDS & FAMILY VIA THE FACEBOOK APP.....PLEASE RESTORE THIS ISSUE A.S.A.P THANKING YOU KINDLY :-) :-)
This app is very slow to open the images. Every time focus to massanger  download
Sanjay.kumar
Bekar app he bc phone ki ma chud jati he bc itna slow he yr or phone bhi hang hota he koi bhi mt krjo ye rndi app
its waste app doesnt hve updates or new feeds properly jst a waste app
Facebook
I Like it.. This app is an another friend.
I currently can't figure out what is it !   ; but maybe because Facebook is turning to be some kind of pornograf site it is so shameful . How can we feel safe to let our kids surfing on the Facebook with these psychic people are in there . There must be some kind of solution for families and individuals who do not want to participate in this mess. Please do something real about this ethical disaster. Thank you for your efforts but I think it needs more honest hard work.
Updated on my galaxy note. Cant even get  fb to open for more than 3 seconds now. Fix  needed asap if you want people to keep the app
I can't reply to the message...pls fix it
Super
Y.Venu Devi lab
Oky
Too many updates and no much change. Application still way far from the website
tariqulalam Alam
Nice
What's facebook team upto exactly... this new version takes slow to next level really... news feed takes ages to load... u open someone's profile n go to pictures. .. It takes years to show pix.. come on ppl stop making it so complex n heavy that it takes so much time to load.. we live in a world where Internet speeds r 8-100 mbps n u guys r trying to take us to 14.4kbps modem's time or what?
please implement messenger in this app ..
Mencari kenalan
Best
You can have a friend anywhere in the World. Anywhere.
Nyc
Trial
Great
Just use the browser
It's like funny
Help me to keep connected with my friends
Good
Life part
not bad
44
H
Orale valarthanum nashippikkanum ithu mathi sukhich upyukikkuka
Love it
Ko
Bored but lots of drama
Nice
Soo mach
Doesn't update me at the right time, keep saying 2hours ago or days later
The fact that I can no longer have most recent as my primary new feed is stupid....I was OK with it being in a different spot and not the first thing that came up but now that I can't see any notifications or who is online upsets me a whole lot I spend a majority of my day on Facebook and like to randomly see who is on or check my notifications with ease and I rather see what my friends posted a minute ago vs days ago and based on the recent reviews nobody is happy with this recent update please fix now
falak
I have three photos I want to upload and only one of them appears in my gallery to upload. If I try to upload from my phone gallery and then add more pics to the post it only shows me that one and no others from the same cluster of pics. Make sense? Really annoying regardless!
SaravananAsin
Horrible. Unable to return anywhere from the search screen. The app just quits when pressing back button. There are also some minor bugs, but this is the most annoying one.
Useful
Well, that last update broke Facebook. It absolutely did. Facebook has decided that they want to control what you see and have made accessing the most recent feed more inaccessible. Furthermore, you can no longer interact with  notifications while viewing most recent. You have to back out first. The worst up date ever.
facebook cannot be use anymore on galaxy tab 3......
Gooooooood
After new update, it takes longer time to logout once session is expired... Also news feed are not latest shown first
That the hell, you just vanished the option for edit post and turn off post notification option.... :o and plz make it enable to show other messages in inbox.....
Each update is turning this app into a Junk. It's better to run Fb in any other browser. Disappointed to say that An App made solely for this is not at all Satisfying.
So goog
...FIX IT
Most demanding android application of year for no reason, runs even slower than games such as dead trigger 2.
Terrible It has gotten Really Slow
I can't unsubscribe to statues I've commented on and its getting really annoying. I think I may have to uninstall it this time for good. Way to many problems going on now.
I have to uninstall and reinstall everytime. This is ridiculous.
Good
If internet disconnects even for a split second, you have to close the whole program and start over.
Excellent
Nessesary evil
Huh !

Very nice
Successfully download
fb videos are not loading (galaxy tab3)
I hate this new update.  Get rid of it and take it back the way it was.  Won't load half the time and it's not refreshing.   I'm ready to delete Facebook and start using ig.
Worse now than before. Nothing is loading!  Pictures don't open and news feed doesn't update. Will you ever get it working? !
last up date is very very horrible it can not be update,can't get notification refresh&also on tym line also,can't do any comment,check in plzzz fix the problem fast
More often clash after i update latest version.
Please my fb acount open
Excellent
Very good. I like it.
It's very easy to use
Greatest thing
its cool
I cant 0pen this new versi0n of faceb00k.
Still very slow on my phone and its really eating up a lot of space
cool !!!
News feed takes a lifetime to load even logging in what happen with these latest update it sucka too much,hated.
Very bad
i like it
Don't know what you did, but undo it! All I get is crash crash crash.
Lov life
Good app
When the news feed updates, it scrambles everything up. A post that is 2 or 3 days old will be before one that is 10 minutes old. Fix it please.
WTF...!IT DOESN'T WORK .IT TAKE TO MUCH TIME while LOADING. And it requred messenger for messaging.
Irfan50
Don't do it not worth it
Doesn't load pictures
Love it
supedb app
Good
Not even 1 star....
It always says: unfortunately Facebook has stopped, then it closes.
Wari
Works perfect on my galaxy note 4
Needs improvements... Have troubles with loading and uploading pics.. I un-installed the fb app but its says its still on my phone.. says I have an update but I don't even have the app.. the play store won't even let me reinstall the app. Plz help.. Thx
I have a note 4 and this app doesn't allow for me to click on a profile from my news feed
Facebook
My book
Its ok
Superlike
Won't open crashes repeatedly. Tried to install four times and same problem
Can't watch videos half the time. App is a big glitch. And no, it isn't my phone. Twitter works perfect. Everything works perfect but Facebook.
Great
Good Job!
This is the most useless app i have ever used!!! Doesn't load half of the time and forces to download messenger! Really horrible!
This app is awesome.
Dont want messanger app. CHANGE BACK TO OLD MESSAGES. hate it
Working faster
Not work properly in 2g network

Most loving app.. need more improvement. .
Not logging on
Can't turn off individual notifications!
Jnarleen
Spr
It's gone from bad to worse every update, with how much facebook makes in ads they could atleast hire someone to make a decent update for this!
Cause i love it
I suggest to have translation in the application as it in the website.
Great work I like or work .....  .   .
Nice new color
The best
This app is getting worse thare is what to many bugs if I could I would give less thin one star
My emotion
This app is running horribly
Interesting
I love all the girls
The best app that connects every one in the world
Log in
Good app
But I hope I could edit my status can be seen by who just like Apple so I can edit as I when I like. Please take note of this. Thank you!
Requiring download of the messenger app?  Was hoping fb would catch on that this was poor business decision.  Simply got rid of both.
Latest update sucks. It's been 3 day's now, suck....sucks....
i hate you put the word edited when its edited  it really sucks.. it was like not good to see
What is this?! Can't see comments or pictures!
Old model
Pages won't load. Not my phone either it's this stupid app. If only I could keep in touch with my family through email instead of fb.
Loved it
Excellent App
Why is fb not loading? Works for a few minutes then it doesn't pics messages videos post says no Internet but I go on the browser and everything is fine pls fix
This is the best app ever
Good
Superb
Make it consume less data.
In the last couple of months I have seriously become annoyed with this app. It seems like half the time, I try to use it, it takes forever to load and then other half of the time it will load the page but won't let me go any further than the first post. It basically freezes. Here recently the more and more i try to use this app the less and less I like it.  STOP MESSING WITH SOMETHING THAT WASN'T BROKEN TO BEGIN WITH.
Called me
You feel that you are connected with the world.
Facebook
Not too gud not too bad
Lemot cuuuuxxxx
Horrific. Most the pictures dont display and recent post no where.
Images posted form my friend don't display in my newfeed. Using Asus Fonepad
Diz apps is dug to spending so if ur want dug apps it must to downloader
The new built-in browser might have finally made this app too awful to use. If it absolutely has to be in the app, it needs to be an option that I can turn off so I can use a proper browser without extra steps. FFS, this is terrible. Also, I used to be able to select which Facebook notifications gave me popup notifications on my phone, now it's all or none, so it's turned off
Thanks for adding reply feature
I love this app because it allows me to connect to friends and family.
Remove distance.
Sign in
Best Facebook
It was working fine, but after the update it just keeps crashing and it's annoying. It's not working properly in my Xperia Z1 Compact
Let us message people the old way
Thanks
123456
Why do we need to install messenger? My cp memory is getting low coz of this two apps. Before i rate fb 5 star, but now i changed it. I have to install n uninstall fb again n again so that i can open my inbox coz i dont have a laptop. Please fix this. I dont want a lots of apps on my cp. Thank you.
Keep reloading on my galaxy tab 10.1...
My facebook keep me sign off or log out while browsing. Kindly check whats going on.. thanks!
Ten out of ten.
Great
In Facebooks never ending quest to end use of the most recent posts instead of what it considers top posts, you no longer have notifications or other choices at the top of the screen when viewing most recent.
Facebook has not upgraded at all its slow as hell it is stupid that you have to have messenger to be able to communicate with others and the thing is people know where you live and have your phone number this is just getting old and less useful!!!!

Yeah it has ruined my experience for me. I can't access my activity feed at all. Still automatically scrolls to the top of the news feed randomly. Still have to go to the most recent feed in the menu bar to see posts made recently. All in all still a sucky app turned even more sucky. Probably deleting it now..
Messeges r not being sent from my htc device from this app. What might b the reason and what should I do ??
Fix it. Keeps refreshing on its own as I'm scrolling through my time line.
Hi
Bring back the box where you could have a status or comment that was consistant
Rajesh
Can work
Please un do the update! This app is killing my baterry. This update is a total mess. My ph.die in 30 minutes with this Piece of crap.
Doesn't load pictures or videos...lost the ability to tap on someone's name to see profile!! Galaxy Note 3
Hi
Goooood
It still keep shutting me out after i updated,  please fix
Really facebook? You can implement an in app browser that I don't want. Because you know I don't already have a browser on my device that I can bookmark and save sites between devices. But you can't keep messenger in the same app? I really don't understand. And I really don't want your browser
Worst ever, doesn't load half the time, seems like some setting have changed. Won't let you take pictures.out of your download folder to update..... Bullocks..
I can't open my app, my phoe only leave from there. You must to do something...that's a horrible update, very horrible.
Good stuff
Memang seronok
The facebook app has many bugs, but the thing that bugs me the most is how plain & old it looks.
Need to confine data usage..
Why can't most recent be my main page like in the old version? Instead I have to go to the options ALL the time I get on I also can't upload picture comments anymore -_- I hate fb messenger.
Ever since the update, I haven't been able to turn off notifications for comments on individual posts using the app!
Like
Force stop restored proper operations.
Doesn't work most of the time
Love u....plz include. Punjabi language plzz
I wish they would just put the most recent as default its aggravating having to change it every time i want to look at my facebook
Can we please have a move to SD card option, this app takes up so much space and no way to move to to the SD card.
Can't even upload videos
Update for android sucks, that is all
Can not uninstall preloaded versions
Give a video download options ...
Why does it keep updating. Its just getting slower n.slower making me hate facebook
Yes.....I'm an addict!! Lol!!!
Latest update renders this app shithouse. Nothing loads. News feed shows what it wants from people iv never actually met.
Lulama Page Bonte
Verry nice web.
Doesn't update, cant see most pics in my news feed or my groups, wtf, at least myspace worked

This Is just drama
Bingo pop
Hey fix that most recent coming up in settings and it wanted to be in news feed left side only not in right side so fix it as fast as u can....otherwise worlds most worst app and website ...... and please add full conversation email or backup and can be retore or can be share to someone....
but loged this style of fb ..
Wtf with the news feed.update sometimes???
I love it
All the photos and videos on my newsfeed just show a little reload button, then goes blank. I can't see 90% of the media on my newsfeed other than txt updates.
The new update doesn't let you see "most recent" feed. Why do I want to know what happened on Monday!! Live in the now, Facebook. Fix this crap. You don't know my life. ....... Well, you do. But seriously.
Facebook
It annoys me to no end that I cannot set whether I want my news feed to display most recent or top stories, and if I can that setting is so hidden I cannot find it.
Bank
Awesome
I want to view my news feed by most recent without having to pick that option EVERY time I open the app, not by what you decide. Isn't that the point of a "timeline", to be in chronological order?
Facebook is perfect!!! You can play games, message friends, look at the latest updates on friends and family and  even celebrities. I have used Facebook for 4 years now and I am still loving it! It's great and if I were you I would get it
Can't tap on a person's name to go to their wall. Fix it!
This app is okay but freezes a lot n when it freezes my whole phone freezes

takes forever to load cant view some pictures
Good
Ok a
I have about 200-300 pictures on my phone, and I wish that I could search through them via folder rather than searching through the order they were taken or downloaded. Sometimes I'll spend 5 minutes trying to look for one picture to post in a comment. Your app is giving me mono.
Best
Need to let people change color and names
Not working on Lollipop
Just fun
Ttt
Did you take away the ability to turn off notifications for individual posts under the account settings? Don't see it there anymore.....
Terrible to slow....
Katagal e download
10in10
It wont load fast enough and has no quality to a new sufficational matter....:)
Urgent call only
Squeer
App continues to run after exiting; not pleased I have to close it from the task manager now.
It never loads and if it does I force closes... please fix it Facebook, you've done it before
Super
Good
I would absolutely LOVE the app if: I could access  my video albums via app rather than pulling up the actual full website, the app drains my battery much faster and if there was an option to NOT receive inbox messages...I HATE inbox messages. :-/ Other than that I really like the improvements. Xo;-)
Batman
If I could get it no stars I would! I HATE the update. You have to go back a to even see notifications, it's a hassle to find most recent (which hardly shows everything as it is!), and I hate that when I upload multiple pictures at once that ALL the pictures don't have the same caption it only keeps it on the first picture!! Very disappointed! Fix it!
Candy crush saga
Terbaik
Oh well it's free don't need it on my tablet or phone other social network apps work  better and faster
Very long for me to update this version
Ferriusman
Osther! apps!
i like it
Love connecting people using this...
good
Ok
Can't get to my notification bar.. It's stuck on some post I was tagged in.. No matter how many times I hit the earth, it doesn't show me my notifications. ALSO, videos are skipping and not playing!!!!!!!!
Very good application
Ridiculously slow.
I love this
My all the images doesnt load properly even am Connected to wifi and 3g
Wanda. Wright
Awesome
Great way to let my family see the kids grow up!
New version is very slow...
After update, won't take me to individuals page when tap.please fix
Okay. It's cute
facebook
Continually crashes, totally unuseable
I couldnt download this on my fone...
For Facebook members who want to check updates, take selfies, or even watch videos, this is really a great app for you!
Love Facebook I can text friends and family
Videos will auto play, but I can't click on them to watch full screen with volume.
I got a boyfriend
Horayyyyyyy
My reviews have gone automatically! Facebook not allows people to tell other the truths by blocking or making their reviews disappeared!
Love this app and provides entertainment forever.
Updated and when I try to go on the app forecloses. Don't know what happened. Fix
Can't even reply to messages needs to be fixed immediately
Horrible.
Doesn't update newsfeed, wont let me open messenger bubble.. etc, please fix
Where most of my friends and families can be connected together thanks!!
Wow worst update ever took a app that finally worked and then broke it again
Great app
Complete
Plz lower the size of this app...my storage space running out!
Really nice
It won't load and it isn't my Internet or phone because the games on my phone that require Internet work fine
Cannot install
Ignore
After update I cant turn off notifications on post or comments.
This is Great
ccc
Loved it!
Having trouble with playing back videos that r shared on my time line. He video wont play but the sound is fine
Usefull ap
Getting kicked out of photo albums when accessing from my profile. Will not allow me to go into albums and select or edit. Need fixed!!!
Wow needs lots of bugs fixed! Cant go into profiles by clicking on the names from my newsfeed. videos crash a lot! its just horrible! Please fix.
This app is so bad I had to delete it.
This app hanging everytimes  not good Samsung glxy star
Please fix it I am unable to open FB
I wish I could change the color of my Facebook or add design to it like my space use to be...
Nice
Please allow us to have most recent as our setting for the primary news feed with access to chat and all other functions of Facebook readily availible. You have taken that away from us within recent updates.
Can't even get past the loading screen with the new update. What a crock. Uninstalling until you can fix this problem
Earlier versions were used to force close frequently. The latest updates are really helping.
Fucking app .....even privious was bettter.....don't intall such...Fucking aap....
Its ok
I can't view my sent requests....fix this shit asap....
:D :D. ;D
This is a terrible app.  Slow.. It's not even real time.  Don't download it.
It consistently hogs CPU even after l disabled notifications. Uninstalling.
Nice app
Connecting people
I would love to see Material Design in this app. Especially since it's the Android version!!!
It's using around 200 mb of RAM.
MY GREATGRANDSON
Good
Love it
Notifications stopped working until app is open. It saves crappy orca and katana folder in the root memory instead of the hidden app folder. Browser isnt really that great. Chat and Facebook should be integrated. This app used to work well 3 or 4 versions ago. Hire some new programmers!!
You should be able to do anything you can with a browser
those who dont speak ,know  
Those who do speak ,dont know
      ....Evie Eve
093394436
Keeps loading feed,as you read
Keeps crashing and won't load.
It is what it is
Bug with the photos
Galaxy S4
Sex with pete
Awesome Facebook
Pennystarrkerr
I Liked This Page Get To Contact Friends That Lived Far!.... And More
Problematic...hangs up alot....
It's a pretty good app but it's kinda stupid to have a sepret app for chatting
Baguih
The elections are over by 2, almost 3, days and get the "I voted" thing keeps popping up on the top of my news feed. I'm pretty annoyed that I have to hit the X button to close it and it keeps coming back.
Good
Wow..!! This apps is vry fast . I like It.
It probably doesn't upload anything because of sucky daty or enternet
Never updates & is always force closing, last update was 7 months ago, report it & you guys don't fix it
This app is horrible it freezes up or 98% of the time never opens I have uninstalled it
New update has totally messed up my feed on my phone.  No pics, no comments.  Weary of great new updates that mess everything up
New
Dawson
Idea lagao to sahi
Needs some updates. for instances doesn't update who's online or not, lags on newsfeed update.
K
Horrible. Doesnot update news feed, doesnot let you to comment and sometime stops responding. Pathetic
Facebook just keeps shutting off I enter the app and it just shuts off I haven't logged in or anything
Slow n unreliable
2super
Love it
You need a dislike button
Best app ever!!!!!
Version 20.0.0.25.15 is a remarkably changed browser issue. Previously some post needs browser but unable to open. But Now all posts from web site can be opened easily and speedily.
Love the different Games
When I click on a person's name I expect to be able to go straight to their profile but instead it does nothing. Also, I miss being able to read comments on my news feed. Now I have to load a totally new page to read anything before the last comment. It's a hassle.
It's an amazing app to browz faster...
Siva royal
Just updated not to long ago. And insufficient spacing.
Facebook best
Can't check my mail
Montkara
Nice app
Noart
Ok
Awesome app
Facebook app is having trouble paying videos. I am unable to pay any video.
good
Gaaaaay
Absolute garbage! I'm sick of this app refreshing every couple minutes and jumping me back to the top of the feed. What's the point if I can't scroll down enough to read stories. It's bad enough you forced top stories on us. A big F U to this crap!!
What the heck. Not trying to be mess up or anything but like for real government ? Like for real who are you guys. FBI ? No start using your heads bunch of idiots !
Monopoly
Fast
Its not working in my mobile at all since I log out..whats the problem?
can't play videos
Useless do yu have to force us to install Facebook messenger? I hate this
It works well with my galaxy s5
Keep getting updates and making the app harder and more complicated to work...STOP DOING UPDATES AND CHANGES!!!!
I can not copy paste status update from my friends,  and also i can not mention the others that iam not making friend yet with, pls fix it soon, add adress bar, pls
Please bring back the very first version. The latest is f**cking trainwreck!
Jose
I'm using xperia j why can't i move this app to my internal memory
Nice
Love it!
this app does not work......nothing but a white screen!!!!!
Just Facebook's getting old and needs a new Color or allow people to change the Color. News updates about major world catastrophes and celebrations. New fresh ideas to keep teens and adults entertained or interested. Instead of people using Facebook to post about all there problems and how society hates them. Thank  you for allowing my feedback would love to hear from Facebook creator's. - Shawn Martin
Cannot download photos or share posts.
About to uninstall and find another method. Fix please!
On a 3.5 MB speed
Good
Great!!!
Yas
it's not allowing me to go to someone's page when i click on their name from the news feed
I can't login my account since 3 days. I don't know what is the problem? But every time searching and coming a logo . "SSL DESCRIPTION".  what is the ssl can any one tell me
Love it
Nyc
A
It could be better
When you click on a link it won't open. You have to choose to open it in Google Chrome or another app. Inconvenient.
Try
Cool
Nice
i love it
What's the use of having this app. when images don't load properly
I love it.
Really hate that Messenger is now a separate application. I liked that it was inclusive and it flowed more smoothly. Now my messenger friends pop up on my phone like internet pop ups! Annoying!!
Kinda slow but its better than google version
A very great app! Runs slow in my mobile but that is because it's the mobile I have, I tend to find it a lot better on other phones :-)
Everything is black and laggy!!!! Can't read anything....this sucks.
My Asus Memo Pad HD 7 can't show some photos in news feed.
good
TROUBLE LOADING NEWS FEED
Amazing
When I open this latest update just freezes up
Too slow....memory hog.....cant shut it down....cant leave response to comments under the comments like on desktop version...hard to adjust security featues and options ...move pics to albums...delete anything and put private on information you dont want to share
Like someone else stated, now I can't watch any videos in FB, they all freeze. Videos on web and YouTube work, just not in FB. Sucks! 11/6 - Latest will not let me do anything but open the app. Everything else kicks me out of the app back to home screen.
Not able to turn off notifications, it sucks getting notifications from something you commented on a week ago -_- I DON'T CARE ANYMORE
Def doing better than before. Keep it up.
Luv
Very very good app
Awsomw
Good Facebook !                                                        No Good For Iran ... No Speed Net For Iran ... And Vpn ! Vpn ! Vpn !
Love it!
Becous it load slow
I love it very much
facebook
Jhatu app hai bc
I use the old Facebook. Gets worse with every update
The quality of saved photo or image still low
And over and over. Unless I'm in the news feed it won't stay open. Stupid and annoying. Fix for a higher rating. As if developers actually read this stuff haha
why this app. is hard to install? im wasting a lot of  time.. x-(
I cant get on face it keep saying my pass word is incorrect dont known why
I have had nothing but trouble for 2-3 days now, when I open it the apo closes itself back to my home screen. I have to use Google instead of my Facebook app. Im not happy, I've reported it twice now.
Since the update, I can't upload any pics. Fix please!
Facebook is very good for contacted everyone so I'm like that yes
Nice
I love it
Will not work after latest update
This update sucks...
Ok

Fun
Pls improved the stability. Since the last update, its always been crashed all the time..
do you guys even read our feedback? Because I feel like it gets worse and worse.  stop sucking money off the government to raise Ebola awareness and fix the app.  I deleted it off my phone a few weeks ago because it wouldn't work and I thought I'd give it another try but I'm just sitting here staring at a blank white screen.  it locks my phone up so bad that it won't even force close.  and then it constantly runs in the background slowing my phone down even more even after I turn it off in the settings.
Great
Recently upgraded myself from IOS to Android. This app which I used most of time is not working. It simple don't load anything into my news feed. I tried everything.  It is simple not working.  Don't know what to do.
Awesome
Always Crashes And Doesn't Work Sometimes  Pls Fix
Can't remove tag, can't turn off notification.
I can't turn off my notifications like I used too before the update.  Please fix..... make it more user friendly
Horrible. Doesnt update news feed, doesnt let you leave  comments, and wont let you like statuses. Drains battery like CRAZY. Please fix! (Samsung galaxy s3)
Update after update but seems to be a little improved.
The new update every time I share a post a stupid thing pops up showing who else saw the post and the last time I posted something tagging someone else. I don't care. Please remove this stupid add on. It's annoying.
I Don't Like We Have To Download Messanger To Message I Want The Regular Messaging Fix And I'll Give Fivee Stars 
Good
Very smart app
Haven't been able to refresh since update! Ugh!
I cant log on some error pop up and when i try again it freezes my phone. Will be deleting it.
It keeps crashing wont atay open longer than 5 seconds
Boss
Macklyr
WHY DOES THE APP STAY ACTIVE?! WHY DO I HAVE TO GO INTO MY TASK MANAGER AND KILL IT EVERY TIME? NOW ANYTHING ASSOCIATED WITH IT STAYS OPEN ALSO! SUCKS A LOT! FIX IT!
Nice
Its fast it works
It keeps me in touch old friends
Keeps crashing when I search for friends or when I try to edit my profile. Won't download to my new Droid Turbo.
It doesn't work anymore. Ain't updates suppose to make it better? Please fix. Everything's just not loading up properly.
Good
Because of Facebook many life are dead sometimes female is in trouble like male rapes the girl but sometimes is good to peoplewith communication to others.sorry for My words that's true
Cant click on a person's name or a page in the chat i have to go to the search bar and type in name. Note 4
I can still go on my newsfeed and stuff, but once I open a picture or click on a friend's name it closes the app.
I can't see my messages!! It says that messages have moved and in order to see them I need to install messenger and I don't want to. Please fix it! :'(
Stop asking and stop letting people message me! Get rid of the notification.
Takes way too long to load anything
Good
Nice apss
Today Samsung had an update that fixed all the FB crashing issues. Everything seems to be back to normal on my tablet. About time thanks.
I liked:)
Fb became new kicks like that
Add some more things to face book..... good job thoe
Everything at your finger tips
Awesome
fun
It would be nice if the videos were hd and you could customize the quality
Good
truly a excellent give faster browsing....in a 2g speed it browse like a 3g speed....... its fabulous

Whenever I try to comment it will crash and go back to my home screen. Please fix. Facebook is very important for me. Thank you! (Huawei Y300)
Every time I open this app, it crashes everytime. Please Fix this....
Do not like the new update it's no good
I want search wording function in group like Facebook on PC.
Good application
I can't turn off notifications on posts that I comment on. I don't receive notifications on my posts. The news feed doesn't include most of the people I'm following. Get it together!
Awesome.
Since update the app closes on its own every minute whilst looking through news feed really annoying!
It works great i have no problems
Keeps saying my log in expired, crashes like crazy, and it freezes my phone. A little ticked off at Facebook.
R.palanivel palanivel
Couldnt live without it
App sucks
There could be a lot more improvements. Like my biggest thing I dislike is when I go to my newsfeed it NEVER lets me see any new posts by friends even if I click most recent. I don't wanna do that anyways. I don't care.about what people has posted.17 hours or longer.ago. we've already seen that .please fix
If the last update was a fork I would jab it in my eye and spear the part of my brain that likes Facebook.
The new update is gay
I can't see my emojis. I can only see emojis when I'm using the browser. Fix it.
Waste of my time recreating e mail every time and other websites i want to access
Good
This app used to work on my Samsung tab but now I try to open it and it shuts down every time.  I can't even view the first status let alone scroll, post or do anything else.  I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and nothing works!
Nice
Good
Quit improving it. It isn't worth crap now. Jumps around. Have no choice in settings. Only shows what it thinks you want to see. Its crap.
Meh
It takes forever to load!!
Best
Awsome!
What so lovely
Love this app it's fun to talk to people from all over the world and in my region
My fam n friends know where to find me lol
Its cool
Its closing for no reason
I can't except friends request since update!!!
Why the hell can't I change my news feed to most recent!?
If it weren't for all the game requests,  i would give it a5.
If i leave a comment on a friends status or post i can't stop the notifications any more which means i'm getting alerts everytime anyone else comments on the post! I used to be able to clear the ones when i've spoke to the "friend" and they answered. So it puts me off leaving a comment at all.

I love facebook it is very help full to contact with friends
Haha I love it very very maganda
I want to be always online to keep my friends in touch
I can't see pictures that have been posted unless I go to the page of the person posting it!!
Whenever I try to press the comment button, it crashes.
Very nice
App updated by itself. I have auto-update through the play store disabled. I didnt update the app for a reason! What a crock...
When I am reading through Facebook and someone posts something new, it takes me to the top of my Facebook posts, even I did not refresh it .  I then have to try and find where I was.   I also don't like clicking links on facebook to read and it opens in Facebook instead of browser. I hate having to back out just get back to facebook. I will rate it higher if the problems get fixed.
Very good
P
Raelyn
Latest update crashes constantly.  Fail, Mark.
Fantasty, fast working
Getting to most recent feeds is a pain. The inbuilt browser is a craps idea at least give me the option to disable it and it crashes a lot.
vvvv
Good
Delete my Facebook's
It nice mi like it up up up
Horrible update. force closes constantly
Nice
Can access the app and see most recent post but after a few seconds the app crashes. I need this fixed as this is essentially the only way of keeping in contact with all my family in Texas
My facebook.
Santosh
Handsome
Im tired of trying to read the news feed and ads pop up. Also trying to read a particular post and the feed resets to the beginning. Getting very irritating.
It's REALLY bad. It can't load videos and is awful. It's slow, jerky, and bad, and a lot of newsfeed posts do NOT load whatsoever
Ever since I installed the new update,  I have trouble with pics and newsfeed loading and I used to be able to click on a person's name or a page on my newsfeed and it would take me staight to their wall,now I have to literally type the name in the search box to get to their wall...its just so annoying! Please fix this!
Sencilla mente Buenisimo
too many dang scammers on there never coming back
Nothing but problems with this app...now I keep getting a message that "there is a slight mispelling of my phone number and we have fixed it for you, please enter your password" that does not even make sense. Unitalled it as the constant updates eat my data up and FB too slow on Android....don't feel secure
God knows how many people I've had to delete because I've apparently added them... its not a hacking issue I've changed all passwords.... Facebook is getting beyond a joke now!
loving it
Seems with every update this app is taking longer and longer to load news feeds and often doesn't connect to servers.
Y
Ghulam
Suka
Runs smoother, still crashes randomly. UNWANTED SOLICITATION from Facebook at top of app. Stop asking for money and other stuff. Just give me my news feed in chronological order and not in what ever order Facebook deems important.
010183
Very good does not crash
I like this app but I want to make it private where people who aren't my friends can't see my profile n it won't let me
sp
Problems getting on .Very unhappy with service .
It crashes everytime I click to open friends
It keeps running in the background. Have to manualy close the app as it drains my battery. Never had this problem before update. Please fix and i will continue to use this app on my phone. Otherwise i will be uninstalling
Best ever!
Great experience,, love it.
Tablet version s...s
App won't open.
Why does most recent have to be hidden away? I couldn't even find it! I want to see things in the order they're meant to be in. Put most recent where it belongs! On top of this, I can't get my notifications settings to work.
This app was ok but it keeps closing use to be good but now it sucks!
Auto pop out when Im using Facebook,  sometimes even can't refresh when Im using a Wi-Fi connected.
Has not worked properly since the last update have given up using it , it just keeps freezing then closing down !
Love
Marymcmillen/haller
How about updating the What's New section?
half way through scrolling ur fb will reset/ refresh and start u from the beginning. That's gay.
It's disgraceful how we are forced to have this app and that it has access to everything!!
chat and group conversations are a joke, right?
Why did FB change the ENTIRE layout of this app? What's the purpose of that?! Now the Search icon is where the Notifications icon used to be. I'm a creature of habit, so now I keep hitting Search instead of Notifications! Stupid. Rest of layout sucks, too. It even took me awhile to find MY "page" or whatever it's called this year. And now I have to join Google+ just to write a review?!?! ... Tricky. ... Just wish FB wouldn't go "back to the drawing board" with each update. Can't you just leave it alone?!?!
Best apps.
Keeps you in touch with family
Thousands of people have asked to be able to sort news feed like before, now you've gone and removed the option from even the mobile web version. Why don't you listen to the people making your money by looking at your dumb advertisements you want stop throwing at us and stop updating this garbage with more waste no one wants. I guess once you find your success, people's opinions no longer matter.
It's ok for communications.
What is going on work all this photo cropping?? I can't put half the photos I like because the new update crops my photos too much. Stop cropping them!!!!!
incredible
I can't post images in events which makes this kind of obsolete for business and personal use.
Thank you Fb for finally giving my notes button back!!! It's been way too long. Please don't take it away!!! But now even tho my notes show up...some are missing 
I like the apk
Best app for teenagers
Idk what happened. Ive never really had a problem with it. But it keeps crashing. I can still use the mobile website though. Also everytime i try to share a picture or video from my snapchat or instagram. It does the same thing. Just crashes. But now it won't do anything. It opens and loads like its gonna work, then shuts off.
I like it.. So..
They shipped out another update and decided to still not add the news feed control for most recent. I'm sick of seeing what my friends posted anywhere between now and 6 weeks ago. Literally six weeks ago. It's bad enough the web browser defaults to this version instead of having the option to default most recent.
It takes long time to open. Before was better. What's the hell is going on with you Facebook people
It very useful.. I like.
Havent been able to access fb through this app. Just closes out. Whats the point of having this app if i have to go through my internet to access it?
Does not work properly since the last update, it takes forever to load and now forces itself closed. It never did that before the update! Please fix it!
Good
After this latest update, I've been unable to refresh my news feed. Internet connection is fine but I just get a sad grey cloud when I refresh. Can connect over data but not WiFi (but WiFi works for everything else). Had to downgrade to factory version to get it working at all.  Running Android 4.4.4 on HTC One M7.
Great app
Why did FB change the ENTIRE layout of this app? What's the purpose of that?! Now the Search icon is where the Notifications icon used to be. I'm a creature of habit, so now I keep hitting Search instead of Notifications! Stupid. Rest of layout sucks, too. It even took me awhile to find MY "page" or whatever it's called this year. And now I have to join Google+ just to write a review?!?! ... Tricky. ... Just wish FB wouldn't go "back to the drawing board" with each update. Can't you just leave it alone?!?!
A corrupted site
Nice
The developers of Facebook really need to get ot together. This update is the worst. The app is too fu*king  slow and its unresponsive. Fix this goddamn app. No more messenger app either! Everyone who reads this needs to give facebook a one star. So they can take action already!
Contents load very slow on wifi. I'm using a Oneplus One.
amazing
Not working
Facebook is not install
B
Awesome
Woundful
Grrrrr
"Facebook helps me to connect with a global community."
Makes it difficult with messenger app but it's okay
I keep getting kicked out... FIX IT!!!
awsome
This update sucks i cant even go on facebook fix it ill give five stars
Can't turn off notifications on posts I have commented on... I'm not interested in getting a notification every single time someone else comments on the same post.. ANOTHER THING, all of a sudden when I click on the app Facebook pops up.. but immediately freezes and then closes the app back to my home screen.
I don't like that we can't turn off notifications on a post we comment on. Just b.c I comment, doesn't mean I want to get a load of notifications. Come on change it back so I can take off the notifications right away. And now I can't open links SMH, come on it's always something.
On L preview, this keeps the mobile radio on way too much. 1.5 hours in 8 hours seems like a lot!
Nice
Can you please support android tablets with this app!
Awesome!
Best APP ever for Social Media!?          lol    #YOLO
Wat the hell are the programmers of thos app doing??App crushes down all tym wen opening notifications,messages,timlines,etc.  Try to improve
Can't use Facebook anymore since upgrade...
Great! I had so much fun.
Call of Duty  part 2 is it work great
Since last update I can't see 'most recent posts by others' on a page I've liked. please fix. Now I have to log in from computer to see the most recent posts on a page.
Yasir
Facebook
It is good
Bloody thing keeps crashing please fix it now
Errors all the time, wont update news feeds driving me nuts
Fun fun fun fun
Hung
I installed it on my new phone,and I could log into Facebook on my HTC DNA and now I have a SHARP AQUOS CRYSTAL 4G PHONE AND IT WILL NOT LET ME LOG IN ASK FOR A GOVERNMENT ID OR DRIVERS LICENSE AND IT KEEPS ASKING FOR A UNLOCK SECURITY CODE AND I PUT IT IN AND NOT A DANG THING STILL CAN'T LOG IN GET IT FIXED PLEASE.
I only updated it today. I inform u later after i start using it
Pretty sure YOU guys cant make an app. If you.hate it , go tweet , or myspace. Stupid Idiots.
It won't download
It's not working in my phone, slower than previous version.
I thought it was cause of my phone then I reset all the data. And now it's still the same. Can't browse pictures in the album. @@ always says Facebook Isn't responding.
Ganda Ganda
Awesome
Facebook is great because you get to know people and you could send messages to your friends
Since recent update , i cannot click on messeges or comments without being thrown out, very disappointed, very poor show for leading social networking site! Get this sorted asap!
Facebook keeps shutting down randomly and when I try to click on posts with links to outside of Facebook,  I get a white screen and then it will go back to facebook
If you are going to stop supporting messenger within this app please remove notifications and the messenger tab. Horrible design.
Great app
it tells me error downlowding it
App won't start! Wish I didn't download it, fix it quick!
The memory you use is so big
Prefer older version. I can't turn off notifications and I'm have trouble linking to pages. If I push on the name of person or page who's commented it won't link
:-) :-) :-)!!!!
i have a fast i-net but fb app is very slow somtimes. Handshake Error.
Takes me like 5 tries just to log off and now pictures aren't showing in my news feed. Fix this please
Cool
Good
I'm using android 4.2 and my app manager shows my fb app is still active even after I closing it.I have to force stop the app every time after using it because it drying my battery very quickly.Please fix my problem and I'll give you ∴∴∴∴∴.
I liked this.
I do not like the new built-in browser and I really do not like how when you're looking at something and it updates and moves you to the top of the screen please stop it
Can't even use it now  most things refuse to load or are verrrrry slow
Slow and Not function. And always just wait, its irritating!
this i okay for most of the part
I can't get the app to load now that the update has gone through. It constantly closes on my Galaxy S2. What is the deal? Bring my old app back please. At least I was able to use it.
Sue Baby
U can't scroll all the way down your page when it brings you up to the top of the page.
I updated my app and now it doesn't work fix it!!! Samsung galaxy sii
It is kinda slow but overall is good
Fb very good
Swag
Its absolutely great n got no problems only thing is it takes a lot of space
Ever since the update i can't look at my friends timeline,shows up error and i also cannot read the comments on my status and posts..
This new in app browser is awful
I'm sick of browsing far into my feed, and then while reading something, all of the sudden I'm at the very top of my feed, and then I have to scroll ALL THE WAY BACK DOWN to finish reading what I was looking at. On top of all that, why not let us use our external gallery app to browse for pictures to post? MAYBE we have it organized into folders? MAYBE we want to find something quickly?
Very slow, it crashes all the time; i give one star, but it worths half
SAMSUNG GT-S5830i
Videos won't play
Every since the last update you can not turn of notifications anymore unless you go to there actual page. I do not want to be notified of everyone's post just because I posted a comment.  I have to make sure I really want to be part of a conversation now before I comment. Basically I don't comment on much anymore! Facebook keeps getting worse and worse and I'm not quite sure why I keep it anymore.
I Love The App Can't Live Without It 
Facebook
Good way to contact friends, family etc.
Facebook
Only download it to upload pics .. works like crap
Chrome Google
Its really awesome... I tried it and it works perfectlyjuj
Not working at galaxy note
Love it
V
Sukati je
Lani

It has worked for my samsung galaxy great for 2 years. Now im not sure if it updated or what but it crashes as soon as I open the app since 3 days ago.
The app works better and Has messages in it if you delete the app and then install the new version
The app is huge
Mudah dan cepat terbaik.....
Make it able  to play videos on someones page in albums
I can't see any uploaded pictures at all including my own!  Very unhappy!!!!
App good, use it all the time. Only why does it seem to have a browser and open the web links on it. It just slows it down an makes the app bigger which is not always better!
Still has lots of bugs like when you share and try to comment or comment pictures and stuff on comments. Oh and lots of spam and hackers!!!!!
This version gradually eats up a lot of RAM. In-app browsing is cool but please make it more efficiently on mem usage.
Connect with family and friends.

Lingesh
Since the last update it's been a nightmare. Halfway through newsfeed and goes bsck to the top arghhh so annoying.
OOYEA LOVIN IT
...but still very quirky. Will automatically scroll back to the top of the list when I'm in the middle of reading a post and the post I was reading disappears. Extremely frustrating. Also uses loads of battery. Will look for another solution once again.
妥忘抗 扶我折快忍抉 ..
As I am looking through posts, this app goes straight to the top without the option not to. 5 stars when this stops.
Lol
Faceb00k
Puiki programa as be sios programos numirciau is nobodolio
Superb
Mengesha
Love Facebook so this is perfect for me
Took forever for the last 10% to load wtf !!?
I like facebook
Stop the whole bouncing to the top of the page when a new post is posted. I'd scroll through everything and no where near done and bounced to the top
Nice app
Razaria
woot
my facebook force close after 10 seconds after the last update.. wtf?
The mobile version is confusing for me, and I can't access all the features.
The new messanger us rubbish. Ubwish uvcould still msg without it ugghhh its no annoying. Pls make it so u can still msg without messanger it will be much easier ty
Hate this app need the last one back

Awesome
Takes up way less storage from before but it could have google's material design
The update is horrible Doesn't open at all. Please fix asap
This new update hasn't been better . It is always kicking me out after a few seconds plz fix it for a better rating from everybody because it seems all the users complains about this
great to have!!!
Since 2 days can't the Facebook by app only by website is okay
No good! Difficult to load. Screen frozen. Last two updates suckas. Fix this please!!!
amazing..
Hardly ever opens since last update!  Really annoying.
always f0rceclose & unable t0 turn 0ff the unneccessary n0tificati0n
Please make it transfer able to external memory on KitKat. And the news feed is not up to date its show the older activities of friends. Its not good to see.
Khan
Wont let the app stay open for longer than 2 seconds
Not bod
This app keeps crashing and closing when I scroll down.
Won't refresh or work properly on the Galaxy Note 3. Un installing for the time being
Very good app<3<
Profile seen persons option need to develop in FB
Nice Thanksgiving
Syed athar 1.13.7
Your lucky to even get one friggen star. I am an avid user of facebook as is everyone and I have been having so many problems with this app for MONTHS. Will not load my newsfeed in the app... I have uninstalled and reinstalled x4. been using my browser on my phone and that even acts up 75% of the time, cant play videos, click on profile pics/names etc. Extremly Dissapointed with this app and the fact that this issue has been going on for so long. Get your crap together Zuckerburg!!!! LG G2 user.
What is going on with the new update? I can't even keep Facebook open it will close just as I open the app up.
erak iya 2014
Takes forever to load...Won't work on WiFi at all
I don't think its should have any fixes ?
Still doesn't default to a most recent view, therefore it is still crap. Why are Facebook so adamant that we can't have that view as a default? Obviously designed by idiots. And to add insult, the most recent view now seems to miss out loads of posts and you can't get to notifications from it. Why not provide what people want, instead of building crappy browsers that nobody wants because we all already have good, well developed browsers, which unlike yours actually display web pages properly. At least you can turn it off. So, in a nutshell, you either see the posts Facebook choose, or only some of the ones you want to see. What a joke.
I cant play vedios on my phone only sound is available but no vedio. Disappointing
Is there ANYTHING that can be done about the fact that this app takes up the least amount of space on my tablet, yet drains my battery so rapidly? This didn't occur until a recent update. Even when I'm not using the app, it uses about half of my CPUs! Please fix this. Like I said, the Facebook app never did this until a recent update!
Every time i open it it clicks straight back to my home screen. Sometimes i get to read one stat on my news feed. Please fix this for a better rating
So we'll need to fear him before we dear him
Okey
F u Facebooks.
I can't click on anyone's profiles or pages on my news feed. I have to go to search every time and type in names. Very annoying and aggregating. I can no longer edit posts and the option to turn off notifications  on a post has disappeared!
As soon as I unlock my phone it starts lagging then comes up with 'Facebook' has crashed
nice like always.don't mess the reputation.
I hate having to down load messanger, just to see my messages.
Internet gab rahe ga thbhi  chle ga facebook
Very poor on samsung galaxy tab 3 crashing all the time please fix!
Why was the ability to stop notifications on individual posts removed. Cmon man
I love this app. Even though Facebook has been in the news lately, still I like it.
Shiv
Freezes all the time on galaxy s4 and galaxy s5. It's really irritating.
U should make facetime for facebook and make in app tht all phones can install
Lovely app
Nice
I can't believe a big company like Facebook still doesn't have a tablet optimized interface
This is the most worst version . Unable to use fb smoothly.Its showing error agin & agin.It was working good before last updation.
Arketa kalo
I like
Pretty good app just a few errors
Its crashes every once in a while. It sucks big time!!! Its not like this before!!!
Doesn't even play videos anymore
I like this app out works well
The app is alright for playful use, but it uses my slim internal storage to place its data, and I have to constantly delete it. Refuses to go to SD card
even though I do not have it but I know all about it :/
Moto X with normal usage and Facebook, 10% battery per hour. Without Facebook, 3% per hour. You do the math....
It is slow nd lacks connectivity.
Gikd
Facebook is very usefull to connect with my friends and familys.
No need to explain, perfect!
Cant get tru wit my account frm fone each time i try its telin me try email/password again n i no im puttin in d correct email n password steuuuuppppppsssssssss
So every time I get to reading something good....It pops back to the top, and sometimes I'm able to find my spot and other times not. Please fix this.
I don't get any notifications from facebook at all but when I go into the app I have notifications this needs to be fixed asap
Love it
great app
Why is it so hard to get the 'most recent' feed. I don't want to see old posts. Bring back the old style where it was easy to change and stayed on most recent. Seriously debating uninstalling.
App keeps closing...need to fix this asap...why is it crashing when I access my own page? I originally posted this 9/11/14...today is 11/6/14..and you still get one star for not fixing this crap.
Good
Good
Has become too big to run on HTC One X.
hate game requests!
Nandu sondhiya
Awesome
Super
I care almost never get on FB using my phone. They need to stop "updating" it. It definitely doesn't improve the app.
Error stories in my friends profile , please make fixed
Cant install error 24?
All
Please fix bugs !!
I've had Facebook forever and still works great!
Nice
110220330
Oof sooo bad
I hate the fact you have 0 privacy once you get Facebook and the demented messenger
Unfortunately, I got one week without can see my wall on my android, on my pc is ok. Today, I uninstalled the app and installed again and before downloaded the update was working right, but once downloaded it I can see in my wall the same message again: "Error loading stores"- tap and try again". I tried to do that but it is impossible see the wall like on my pc. Could you find a solution for that, please? Another point, why someone when tags me in a photo this appears directly in my wall without accepting
Good
Woow nyc app
Ever since I was forced to update to the new version of this sorry app, it has done nothing but crash every time I open. Most of the time it won't open before it says it can't open you must close, and when it does actually open I may get through 4-5 post before it stops working. I wish I could give negative stars.
Freaking dont force us to download messenger.
Ok ok
Can't turn off notifications on posts I've commented on. Really annoying
Smiling
Musicians
Blu4.0
Harmless
Good
v good
Babe yo
Hopeless crashes tab 3
Last update is utter Shite. Keeps crashing.
Why have they taken away the option to a turn off notifications when you comment on a post? That was great, I dont want to be notified when everybody else comments. . Disappointing
Like it
After last update it just doesn't work. When trying to open the app it closes inmediatly.
Ok
Good
Kerana dapat mengerat silaturahim
Updating so slow take more than 3hrs to complete 100%.not satisfied.
Old one was good and  fast this update is very much  bad 0∴
But unfortunately I got one week without can see my wall on my android, on my pc is ok. Today, I uninstalled the application and installed again and before downloaded the update was working right, but once downloaded it I can see in my wall the same message again: "Error loading stores"- tap and try again". I tried to do that but it is impossible see the wall like on my pc. Could you find a solution for that, please?
Abusive permissions (e.g. can read all of your text messages as of update from 27-01-2014). Also no 4x1 widget, doesn't automatically open Facebook links, huge performance drainer, battery drainer, network traffic hog, and storage eater.
it freezes at times but its bearable
Doesnt work! crashes all the time. Plz fix the problem
Takes up a lot of phone space
On many pages weblinks just bring you to empty pages after latest update
Facebook stinks. I have an active account that I am locked out of. I have done everything asked of me and I cannot get back to my account or start a new account.
good
I am really upset that I will be half way down my news feed looking at new stories I have missed and the second a "new" one comes up my news feed goes all the way back to the top. And I have to scroll through stories I literally just read five seconds ago
Facebook
Loved fb

Befor the updates resign into my facebook id say about twice a month at random while the rest of the time it would stay logged in . Now every single day i have to sign in again which means im nit recieving my notifications when they happen nor am i recieving new messages as they are being sent to me. Honestly i liked the way it was befor. Yes i think that may be a great idea for those w. A problem losing thwir phones but for us who dont or us who change out actual phone security code its a burden. Thank you
I am not able to click on a person's name and be taken to their profile, stop with the updates that make things stop working!!! ... Not only that but it is also very annoying that every time I go into the app I have to change from Top Stories to most recent.. I don't care about the top stories I want to see what everyone has recently posted...
Feel with heart
facebok najs
Love
Good
Time after time its getting boring. And the update is sucks
Great app...
It's awesome but I think you should add the reply button.
The app could be better but you almost have to use it to do anything
Hate new update I don't get notifications the news feed sucks app doesnt look right looks like its totally off not centered
Why it has so much space.I install it and than it says setting up Facebook and then is you do not have space
So happy i got this
After the last updates it keeps running in background , my phone gets hot,  and my battery dies earlier
Getting better. Timeline can be a bit screwy in the news feed
Ugh
Gud..
cant play any videos
You can't turn off notifications once you comment on a status.  Please put that capability back on.
good
It's trust app
Worked
Loved it
Doesn't open... fix itt !!
why cant I watch videos on fb still????  why won't I ever get a reply on how to fix it???  joke

Love facebook
I can't see anyone's pictures. Everything has a refresh circle on they pictures. I don't want to be notified every time someone leaves a comment ugh
Everytime i am using this app its force close. Pls do work on update fast.
Loved
Someone hacked it and there's a ridiculous loop it takes you in when you're trying to secure your account
This app was incredible and my only means of using Facebook. But after the latest update I guess since like a month or so the app would not load images in the news feed nor would display profile pics when connected to a strong high speed wifi connection. Initially it shows a few feeds but then no images. The app works very fine with mobile data. You guys have to fix this.
Sports
its working awesome.
Its okay
Facebook is amazing....losted fren again come in contact by facebook
You will be
What I find interesting is that the 'What's New' section says it includes the ability to turn notifications on and off, yet what we actually got is the exact opposite.  The ability to disable notifications from posts was REMOVED. Quite frankly,  this just single handedly made me decide I'm done with the app. I want to be able to interact without being stalked and irritated afterwards.  I can't be having my phone blowing up all day at work because I commented on something yesterday.
Cant log in..i reinstall many times but still i cannot log in
Thanku
When I launch the Facebook it just load and load and it also grow very huge and I have to install it fix it asap and get good rating
nyc
maxamed axmed
New tablet and fb keeps crashing, its fine on my phone so I guess it's the update?? Please sort. Thanks
Awesome
Brilliant plus love talking to my friend s
Co
Error unfortunely facebook has stop always that...need update
It does not work..I can't talk to much english so plz Je met mon mot de passe et sa ne marche pas
The silly and obnoxiously irrelevant addition of the messenger has created problems that could have easily been avoided. An inconvenience, and leading us to use the desktop version instead.
superb
Pappu
Can't log in :/ after the new update
Since the new update I can't 'unfollow' posts I've commented on anymore and my newsfeed randomly reloads without me pressing anything. Yet again, the "updates" and improvements are crap.
Love it
This app is too good to use facebook but not easily supports small cellphones
Download
Not bad but wast of time
Currently the app tells me I have no internet or WiFi connection. Then it won't load. And I always use WiFi at home and it usually works fine. Please fix. Also I have a Nexus 4
My pictures and videos on my news feed fix it
Orionsi
Even though I want to open my links in an external browser, and the option on the app is not ticked, it still does it. Can I be free to open the links where I please and not be forced by Facebook to use their crappy sub-browser? When will this end?!
Poor
Nice
App is crashing all the time,  cant see images,  cant see status update...
Why, why, why did you decide to get rid of notifications when you view most recent? Now the app is useless because I don't want to see top stories and I want to see the notifications menu when in most recent mode. Why are you so determined to get people to view top stories?! People are not interested in the past. I just noticed that timeline won't load some things like friends.
Wanted
It crashes a lot when I open from lock screen
Oh
Only thing I miss is share something via private message.

Baljinder dosanjh
Until I'm able to stop the notifications from every person who comments on what I comment on I will hate this app.
common facebook build your app from scratch and bring material design to your app
This app is so unreliable! The "turn off notifications" option that I see on statuses I comment on does not work I still get them. And the notification menu where I used to see the recent posts I commented on is no longer there. Now I dont like commenting cause on peoples post because I hate to get notifications from other people commenting. IPhones dont have this issue!!
Saalm sex sex sexx
Vijay
It has Been a month since I can't use Facebook  I tried everything  on my power but I still can't use it
None of the times are right. It says ether 3 or 5 hours.. Its dumb and should be fixed
Can't see most recent posts, freezes constantly. Force closes constantly. Wtf is so hard about making a FUNCTIONAL Facebook app???
Ok
Hi
This app takes too much space for what it does. And you have to have another app for texting that also takes too much space to install. What are you doing??
I shouldn't have updated it. Its slower than all other apps now.
Since it FORCED me to download messaenger...*upgrade*...somehow I "cheated" on the app...now its not forcing me to download messenger...but now it crashes a lot...especially when there are posts with vids.
not working anymore
De mal en peor.
Love it because it is very helpful
Dont like how you have to use their built in browser now when you click on a link.
Crash to many times
Facebook
This update is giving me problems wont load half the pics that people post and stalls and freezes on me! 
my comment disappear after i post it
Nica
Thank you
good
Megbey Mebarhetom
Facebook
Needs messenger for chat...idjit
I can't get news feed notification I can't comment it used to work bt it takes hours you can't see pics they say can't load tap to try.l need help
Great idea.
Very good
The videos aren't showing properly, and when they do, and I watch one that's over 5 minutes long, and want to share it, Facebook is like "nope, not gonna do that, even though it's one of the most interesting videos on facebook about a bowling ball and a feather dropping from the same height in a giant vacuum." As you can tell, I love science, and really wanted to share that video so I could watch it again, and show it to my girlfriend and my family and my friends. If I could give this 0 stars, I would.
Guess you people are hearing. This update is better than previous (y)
2621970
No!loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
Very good and fast
Nice app

Updated the status but the location did not show. I tried everything from wifi to gps and my location service is always on. Please fix.
My phone does not work properly since I updated everything force closes. Messages, phone, games, Facebook...
Worst app ever
As always :-*
Needs a "mark read" button in the notification drawer.
Error everytime
Very nice aap a facebook. All my friend plase download the this app
FB totally ruined themselves with all the so called "updates"! It is so SLOW, like a slug! Wehn opening a notification from outside of FB screen goes black for 30 seconds or more before opening, where as in the older versions of FB it was instant! Newer is not always better and this applies to FB 10 times over!! AND my "likes" disappear immediately after clicking the button, that is if it works at all. Wish I could give FB zero stars :(
I hate this layout.
App keeps downloading over 100mb data every time it is switched on.  Not good for mobile data usage, and fills up my phone so nothing else works!
Unable to open title and profile links for some reason
I love facebook
Dennis is a geek
ateeq khan
Sarif Molla
Facebook
Hate facebook but need it to play
J
Samsung Galaxy S3
It's just shucks
Can you plz get rid of the stupid window that pops up after you share something? I absolutely hate it!
The facebook is a fake book
I am using jelly bean 4.2.1 n i tried a lot of apps to sync my contacts even i root my fone to install custom rome which help me to do that but fb doesn't synchronized
I didn't want to have to download a secondary messenger to message my friends. And I sure as hell don't want your built in browser for when I go to a link from the Facebook app. That's why I have Chrome. Thanks for unnecessarily bloating your app.
Update is the worst I have ever used. Crashes more then you can use it. Always goes to top stories, I want most recent. Top stories isn't interesting to ANYONE. Make it for the user. Not for the money. Greed greed greed. You pay we do as u say. Well that seems more like our government then social media.
Facebook application already takes a lot of resources, now messenger is another mess. Bad move
Ilu
Its only for free prsns.. Who dont hv any other work
Love it
Latest update comptete f...up.Randomly simply closes down facebook on my Samsung Tablet.
Facebook
download
I love this application but before .. just a few hours ago I received a notification that I have to update my application then suddenly I updated it but in my discouragement .. it didn't allow me to see my notification .. Please fix the problems
Ok
Since the last update it won't work plz fix
31.1.1995
Good
Lag
excellent
It is good. I like it. It has good features. Good  good good
ILike this.
Use but dont misuse
Great
Well I just found out something about the issues that we are all having with Facebook forcing closed. I just got off the phone with Samsung because that is the type of tablet that I own. He informed me that there was a system upgrade to Android devices called KitKat. Not all Android devices run on the same operating system but unfortunately all of us who are having this same issue apparently are running on the same operating system and our devices possibly have been upgraded to the new version. What you need to do is first make sure that the version of Android that you are using is KitKat. Once you find out that it is in fact KitKat you need to call Facebook and give them as much information as you possibly can so that they can fix this issue. I am NOT having this type of issue with my htc phone or my samsung galaxy wifi camera because they are not on or using the same operating system as my tablet does. Please do this ASAP so Facebook can fix this. I wish you all the best of luck and I hope that not only I am able to get this issue resolved but that you all are able to do the same.
Ook
Unity of love
I love it
Pls... Improved more by putting the availability of video call....pls
Very go9ooood
they said that app will be installed soon.  when is it gonna happen?? explain
.
I'd love to give a zero but I freaking can't. Fix this piece of crap will you keeps crashing on my tablet every time I try to clip on someone's status or go to look at a video clip it crashes and goes to main hub screen not very happy at all. Please fix this app otherwise take of the freaking play store FFS
It is so cool I can see what my friend are up to
I just uninstalled this.  No point having it if it doesn't work.  It keeps shutting down & going back to the home page.  It's incredibly annoying / frustrating!
Excellent.
Now I cannot unfollow posts from the mobile version. Why fix what isn't  broken? ??
It's ok
Notification alert not working. I have to refresh to get new notification
Dpravinkumar
It would be nice if I could turn off notifications on things I've commented on.
Yes
This app is very slow showing real-time updates in the newsfeed. I can go to fb from my browser and see real-time updates in newsfeed. Yes, I have my app settings to most recent..
please put top coments on the next updates!  :)
Nabin
I like it
I cannot share the links to pocket, how I do on Twitter, and even worse now, I cannot open the links in my browser. Annoying.. And why it is always running, especially if notifications and chat are off? And why activates GPS if location is off in the settings? A black theme would be excellent.
You should turn it the old app.. this is  pour app. I like the old one
When I browse and stay at reading some post or watching a video the  post without consent goes to the top most newer post, this ruins my intentions to save or like the post I was watching.      Fix it
Seriously, just let me open it in chrome.
Play and  win
Since the update none of the videos that are posted will play. I click on them and they show that they're loading and never actually play. I have no connection issues on any other apps this is the only one that I'm considering to delete.
It freezes to much
I like this app
Not downloading
11/6/2014 software updates from Samsung seem to have fixed problems with this app.
Ziyakhipha lana especially emahlayeni anomsoco lol
Excellent
Honestly I like Facebook but it takes up to much space. Please fix this.
Hii
selam
Supper
:-)
When clicking on a users name, the app does not direct you to their profile. When clicking on a users picture, it doesn't open. Please fix ASAP! - S4 User
I like this app
Thanks
we like it
Apps
I hate this app..
My news feeds are yesterday's as most recent ones and I've seen on people's pages that they posted things more recent.
Brand new x3 phone so the app should run as well as it can. Slow and poor image/video quality.  iOS version is far better.
Love it
Excellen
nice
We are velas
Good
Constantly closes and freezes up
Super
Fantastic
cant open tis app when start up juz kick me back to home screen!!!pls fix it!!!
For an older version
The new update doesnt enable you to read news feed while you are on a page or another profile.... Previous was better
Sux.. Turn off notifications feature has been removed aftr dis update :(
slow
This app wants to know everything about your phone and you. Please read the fine print before downloading this app.
Now we cant remove the tag from this aplication.....
Awesome.  :)
Full of bugs and doesn't work most of the time and why do u need to read my sms and my calendar???

Worldknowyou
This app is awesome!!!
Very nice
ABC G.k.ll
Sooo good
True love
It works easily than going in website
Good facebook
I'm not able to view any pages or profiles when I touch someone's name now. Fix it asap.
Still date, not working properly, very bad
A must have app on your phone. No glitches and bugs. But i dont understand how members can remove people in the group chats. Want explaination for that. And i think only the group owner should be available to do that
Add other msgs
But its how i stay in contact with my family

Gud bt privious version aur bhi jyada acha tha


I believe that on this app  you can no longer  text, chat and have group  conversation,  so I would  please  like you to take that out of the description because you're  falsely  advertising: since the app and it creator made(forced,whichever you prefer) the lovely  user of facebook  get the terrible app called facebook  message the user can no longer  do those things. The only reason  I update this app is in high hopes that we CAN text chat and have group  conversation again.
Tung Ggfff
I Don't want a separate messenger okay!!!!
Face Book need more Privacy.
Puthvi
Didn't like the update...
DASTAGIRI
Sanjana
Need everyone
I love fb it is very easy to connect the friendes
Oman
The updates you give make no difference. What exactly do you do?
Force closes every time I try to write or share a status update.
Awesome
Sewar
The latest "SAMSUNG" Tab 3 software update appears to have fixed bugs in Facebook app. From your home screen, Go to settings; about device; software updates; update now and follow prompts.
Whatever you have done to this app, undo it. This is horrible. I'm getting stories on my news feed from 3 days ago, and rarely can see anything new anybody posts. Pictures say they're loading, but never show up. There's not even a way to exit out of the app anymore just to refresh the news feed. I have  Uninstalled and reinstalled many times just for it to get worse and worse. Whatever Facebook has done makes this app just a headache to use now. Just go back to the old setup, at least it was user friendly!
App won't stay opened for more than 2 seconds. I'm guessing the update is to blame
How do I turn off notification? Else I have to stop posting comments. 2. Why I need separate app for chat? To suck my battery? Or to reduce my phone performance?
gooooooooood
That is helpful
After the last update i hve never been able to use facebook. Really sad update
Entertainment
Sons
Afzal
Pranjal
loved it
No word to say
The new update is not good
Gteate
Gijjar
So nice
Videos are not supported
....n0 lag 0n 0pening and it w0rks excellent,thanks
Facebook is very good for chatting and cantact
Perfect app
Terrible main feed algorithm. I Don't give a sh*t about posts I've already seen. If I wanted to see them again, I would turn notifications or comment.  Needs default most recent feed instead, and less involvement in my political engagement.
Owwsum app
Superlike
Good
very very bad update
mani
Nyc. App.
Lov it...
TAMAM
La fuerza
can't you make it more lighter? and it closes down from time to time..
Mamamia *~* best best . Im in love with it *.* <3
Growsey
No updates are visible
L
nice app
Good
Every time I try to open it, it freezes my whole phone and takes me forever just to close it. It was working fine before the update!
Sucks!! Freezes up at videos, for a site that makes billions and billions they can't make a functional mobile app. Pathetic.
It wants permission to download files without my permission as well as edit my contact list. I don't think so. You guys have no right to touch any of my personal stuff outside of the Facebook app. Same with your gay messenger app. Fix this crap and maybe I'll download it again
Bleh bleh
Love
it does not log in properly. it takes time to login . or it will only load .
Crap
Worst ever app and complete BS
Yep just bad real bad keeps saying sorry try again
Best Social Networking Site
Only way to connect.
Love
Two separate programs more space taken on your phone, invading privacy. More like Nazibook now...
Why i always log in thres a  confirmation
Very nice application
Can not use this app since it has been updated.
5star
It's such a awesome app to play facebok
I don't have any word to say.....it's amazing.
Pictures don't load screen freezies videos lag messenger conflicts...get it sorted
I think it's more of an android issue but my facebook only lets me open it for about 10 seconds and then it pushes me out. I can't even open the messenger app. I don't know what the problem is but facebook and android need to both do a little better.
Mantap buy...lage ek puko..
Everytime I'm looking on a page it just disappears. Now I'm going t delete it for EVER IF U DON'T GET IT FIXED.....
Its not opening
Facebook
Nice
Wrst
Its kinda kwl tah use it buh its juss abit slow
Facebook
Nice
Everytime i went to download it, it keeps saying i carn't. Why??!!
I REALLY don't like this update. Why can't we turn notifications off? Matter of fact, scratch that because I've learned that you can turn notifications off but only after turning them on then off again. Weird but true smh. I get all these notifications after I comment so I have to turn on then off. Please do something fb because I'm not feeling it!
Loveeeee
Its ok to be in contact with friends and relative from another state!!
FACEBOOK
Not bad
"I finally updated FB"
I like this
Loved it
Useful app.
Facebook
I love facebook :)
Naethan
Need to download
Facebook s5360
Lopez
Most of the resources which are available on the desktop browser, aren't on the app. It makes you waste a lot of time because you need to go through posts again whenever it updates and you miss many relevant ones.
Mr
Facebook is very slow lol
Whats wrong with this update ? Not able to upload pics and also timeline is not loading and showing error in loading timeline
Why messanger download Cheating,Only fb Message box attached, blockmail fb message box close???
Wonderful.
Kamal ha yr
Cant turn off notifications on posts you follow notifications to. The new Facebook framing thing in the browser when you click a link is terrible.
I can't login to my Facebook account via games like clash of clans or 8 ball pool, please help
Sharma
Mene ise kai baar dwld karna chaha per sorry code error is 927
Cant use it. Just closes on me every time I open it. Tried to reinstall,  even worse than before.
Mast hai
I like to use it.
Mbbs bhandari
Good app
The app is no longer working to proper standards. It does not want to connect to my home Wi-Fi, takes FOREVER to load, and will not show pictures. I hate it and it needs to be fixed pronto!!
Addicting
Jjjbajarangbali
Haven't been able to use Facebook since the update nothing loads everything stays with loading icon...thought it was wifi but I refresh that and still nothing everything else works just fine on my wifi besides facebook plz fixs
Vary nice
A superb app the biggest timpass for me  to talk with my frnds ....
Facebook is ok. But qhy must we download the messanger to send messages pn facebook. Dont understand. Explaim plea
Awsome
It
Enjoy using it in my sony experia z ultra
Very very slow. When i open the app my device starts to hang very annoying sometimes it restarts my phone
I'm not technical, but when I first got my smartphone, Facebook app was great. With every update it becomes worse. Won't load the news feed, lags when I'm posting. And now it seems like there are weekly updates. Why? Can't you geniuses figure this out? I've had to turn phone off because when I tried to share something through my phone, it gets stuck then says it couldn't post it...and yet it appears on my feed. I'm thisclose to dropping it and only using my computer to access Facebook. Boo!!!
Love
Love it
Loved
They forced their owner browser to open links and it doesn't work and I have to manually open in Chrome every time. Very annoying update from Facebook again.
This app seeks to much control and influence over my life.
3 MONTHS MY APP IS CRASHING WITHING 5SEC SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB 3 WHAT IS WRONG WITH U GUYS U CANT FIX IT? NOT NORMAL FOR SOO LONG
:-)
The new update is terrible! I can't even access my account settings! My pictures or other pictures hardly ever show up. It's ridiculous!

Good luck
Works great but is starting to crash.
Will not load anything.  Uninstalled then re-installed with same results. Very disappointed.
Since the last update...Facebook keeps freezing and crashing. I'm so NOT impressed!!!!!
not working.baddddd
Good
Pubudu
Messager use many cpu
CVCC
My samsung tablet also off with in minutes when I open facebook ...
Excellent
Rakes
I used to use Facebook on IOS system before and android is my new system that I just had a few weeks ago. I found that Facebook  on android system has no "vdo album" that I posted. And to watch a VDO there is no HD button to click. That's for now that I can obvious see on android. My phone is a SONY Z ultra by the way.
Gud
it's good
Great
I have hidden someone from my chat list on web, however on mobile phones i still see them there
Ok
*****updated 11-5-14 app getting slower comments well not post. I have to go on my laptop for Facebook. Fix!!I can always tell when it is time to update my Facebook app. Today it was getting slow and sure enough it needed to be updated. Now I wish I didn't update it. It's slower than before. Takes twice as long to load anything. It says it improved the speed but all its done is make me want to use my computer more than my phone. Fix it please and do what you say. If you say it's fast then it should be fast.
Grand 2
The user friendliness of the update is nice, but it keeps crashing.  Just as I'm slowly scrolling through the feeds, it stops abruptly.  A lot!  Not cool.

When i upload aphoto or send it in amessage it lowers its resolution and it's kind of annoying and When i try to make an old photo my profile picture or acover it upload anew one not the same that exist and also When i look through apage and press continue reading on apost and when i press back it takes me to the top of the page and another thing i don't get the news feeds from most of pages i like and i wish there is amore fast way to mark spams plz fix it ..
Facebook
Best
I used to be able to turn off notifications easily but now I have to find the post individually (not when I click it from Notifications) to turn them off which is annoying. Also, when will we get the ability to see recent updates on the newsfeed? It's always yesterday or other day posts.
Good
Good
My life!!!!
when I click on a link that takes me out of FB, I can't just go to my home screen and back into FB, I have to hit back numerous times to actually see FB. Also when I click on notifications, it doesn't go directly to the list, it picks one and opens it.  Just go to the list!
App keeps crashing, freezing and turning off. Only happend the past 3 days..... Please fix it. Samsung S3 phone
Memory usage is too more nearly 115mb.                Attadesekondu oderi
Very good app
if I dont have to use it still I have t download fb messager
I shall not want
I can not STAND it when I'm scrolling through my feed and the app takes it upon itself to scroll me to the top. If I wanted to go to the top of my feed I would do so myself. I really can't stand the new feature where if I share a post it now pops up a related window. I don't care who else has posted it or what else was posted by the original group. If I did care I would click on the link to take me to the original group who posted it.
K
Ok
I like
Best..
Ok
Whare is notification bar ?? please fix it .. we hate new update old one is best ..
Won't allow me to log in or out of the app.  I will have to delete the app.
1234
Kool
Nice
Thanks
Best app
It   is  very  nice  i   suppose  u   will  also  enjoy  it  by  using
Me pide que Instale Facebook Messanger y Ocupa Mucho espacio. Aparte de que se alenta la Aplicacion Un Monton.  Conclusion:No la Descargeis es Una Porqueria
Doesn't really let you do much
Hihuhihihuhuhb
Horrible!
Thanks
Please fix it or stop fixing what's not broken. In the attempt of making it better, it has been made worse.
I cant log in my fb acount
Great
Ok
The messenger is like a tumor. One is forced to use it with this app. It can be quite bothersome. It has no option for signing out, and if one clears the data to close the messenger down, then facebook app doesn't allow one to access the inbox. There are other, far superior options for chat and text. Facebook messenger is the only (major) drawback I find in the facebook app. I've had numerous instances where messages sent from the messenger never get delivered to users who access facebook in a browser.
Force closes when trying to DL photos.
Sangat bagus
Keep update but nothing change...dont waste our data please..plz make the app size smaller..consume large memory space..
I want to download video
Oll item browsing
Just because I comment on somebody's post doesn't mean I want to follow it. It gets annoying receiving everybody else's comments all hours of the night and day, and the next day or days.   Put this for one of the reasons why don't want to follow a post.
Ha Ha
I love f.b v much coz it ix better way to chat frndx.....
Slow
Just a foul app. Slow slow & sloooow app
Awesome
There is a problem when we make facebook call, it couldnt connect with blutooth headset. Pleas fix it
Open facebook
It always closed suddenly. Fuckin hate it..
I couldn't even use it! When I open it it loads then says  "Setting up facebook" then it force closes. I sacrified my wattpad for this because my phone has a little space, and this is what I get? Much well uninstalling. Please fix this rubbish. Thanks
Very good
Facebook must have a contract with carriers who have limited data plans. I can't believe that "auto video play over network" is on by default. The amount of data used over the course of a month with that option on is between 1 and 2 GB a month. That's just plain dumb.
Nothing to say,just i like this app
Oh
Always crashes within 10 seconds, then sends me back to the home screen!
Sk
Keeps shutting down really bad
Killr
Pakkau... bullshit give me back my 20 mb 3rd class software... stop making us chutiya your software is not working
Since the newest update it crashes every 2 minutes im on it
The way it automatically plays videos on my Samsung galaxy note 4 is killing my nerves and my data
Zakkas......
Awesome
Then force closes when you open a pic. Then it'll force close when yoi want to see when was the last time someone was active. The share button was something but sometimes that force closes the application
Your app is garbage right now. nothing loads, nothing works like it's supposed to.
Keeps freezing. Bloody annoying
I see beta has messenger requirement back... Thought you guys where going in the right direction... But still requiring it... Nope back to one star
I'm having alot of problems viewing videos and my fb will close without warning.
Ranamohiuddin1
Well there is no privacy here because FB screwed up and I sign in and get a strangers FB and I was actually able to uninstall under his name but when I tried logging in with my cell # and my password he came back. Omg FB I'm finding another site because you do not take care of users of this apps. privacy. I changed this guys password..and deactivated. He's back but I was able to do this with no help  from FB. Bullsh__!
This version is very bad from two days error to login ...... need to improve. .........
Can't see friend request that I have sent to canceled them ..
After last update it wont close unless I force quit..which is annoying plz let the app quit by backing out if it. Bring back the older update..its killing mt battery and super annoying to make sure its closed..FIXFIXFIXFIXFIXFIX

Unbelievable.
Dj
Lovoly
Worked very well
is incapable to make a decent app that is without glitches... Mindboggling
Crush so mutch , plz fix it
Please get rid of the auto scroll. I'll scroll down the page to catch up on the day, then halfway through reading something, BOOM... Right back to the top again with no warning. Even though I've set refresh intervals to 'never'. Rubbish.
One can't tell, my secret
very very slow and it hangs when loading videos and someyimes refresh the wall by itself
becuz i am being forced to download messenger which is useless and being a extraa thing in my phone which makes my phone slow ..
Very good only thing I would change is having to download messenger!!!
It's too slow
Ok
Works good on my Android.
Goldmine
Facebook in my tab always crashes.
I'm deleting this app from my smartphone.  I can get by just fine without being instantly available.  I'll leave FB on my computer, but no longer on my phone.
Devs u just came out with another update which has worsened the app. Earlier it wasn't Showing me the latest stuff in the news feed and now, the images won't load.
I love it
No 1 in the. World
Irritated by upgraded
Very bad
Awesome
It keeps auto scrolling back to the top to the newest posts, even though I'm not clicking on the link to do so. Very annoying when you're many stories down. If I want to read the new posts, I'll click the button. Please fix this flaw.
Ok
Excellent app
Good
R B Bhiloda
Thanks
It get closed over and over :(
Sucks big time. Constantly crashing.
Like
Y
Too bad :(
Mas maganda mag upload ng picture......in nga LNG mdyo mbgal...
Very frustrating!  :-(
Loved. It
Since they have changed the way it looks I have gotten used to it but I still like the old way. Another thing I don't like is that the app is 25MB. Why does it need to be so big?
Raham121
It just disappears from my phone
Now it runs all the time using my data have to log out to stop it and ever since i updated it it takes me back to the very first notification i clicked on after i installed the new update only good thing about the update is i can reply to comments
Facebook
Love it
Good Application

Update already i cannot see photos anymore
Recurring  app crash
This new update needs some serious work. Please fix then I will re-rate
Bagos
Nice
I've had no problems until the latest update....now throughout the day and every morning i get a sad little message (they tried to make it cute) Error While Loading Retry. I have Turned on and off my tablet, restarted, checked my wifi settings....no luck. Hoping a new update helps this issue.
Facebook is not working properly ....an error occur while loading. .......pz fix it.........
Nice
It keeps closing everytime I'm using it here in my galaxy tab 3. I tried reinstalling the apps but no to vail. Why oh why?? But in my Samsung Note the fb apps is ok to use. Pleaaasssse Fix it soon!
sashank panchakoti
Sareen
A lot is wrong since a couple updates ago. Especially now they are pushing messenger
Jordar
excellent
Showing error 24
Not bad
Like
:)nce app
This is all the bigest best
YOU need to install also Messenger... Geez... What a waste of bytes..
android
I am not able to see my friends uploaded photos!
Very irritating hate it hate it
Its nice
Na
I cant believe this i been trying to log in my acct but acured error hope to fix this soon..coz its really suck
Good
This cropping feature is really frustrating. Before we had option to upload the whole picture via desktop but now even that's unavailable.
I rather the update before where I could minimize notifications! I agree I might comment but doesn't mean I want to see everyone else's expecially  if it is a birth announcement  or engagement or anything else where hundreds of others comment. Put it back to where we can hide notifications
It is very good
fast n convenient
Nice
Why won't it let me shut off notifications from something  I comment on very annoying!!!
Gud
Won't work on WiFi
Goods... I loved it so
Fantastic
Sdh
Slow
Very bad update
This new version does not work at all on my Android tablet.
Chekavan
There is no way to turn the notifications off..uninstalling it
Paluko2 n ngaun ang fb dti ang bilis lng mg open ng khit anu s fb ngaun panay lng ang hang...
Ela
The last update ruined this app. I have a Samsung Galaxy s5 and lightning fast wifi, and I can never connect any more.  Very disappointing!
Allaaaaa
I love it
Awasome app
Needs to work with out the messenger app
Milan1234
Good
I have my moments lol
Description
Can't transfer pics
Why did you think that separating the messenger app would be a good idea? And then take both apps and make them run like crap. Facebook seems to get worse by the day.
Cann't sign in and use those function after this app updated.
This update will not allow you to turn off notifications after commenting and I hate that I can only message from my desk or laptop. I prefer the messaging app that I have always used before.
It's okay
The best
You should check out a game called Shred It if you love this type of game!
Great
good
My samsung has update to android 4.4.2 and then it's won't open the apps I just want to say fix the crash and remove the messenger app notificate
Great
I love soooo much bcoz my all fnds always connecting in fb
After the update it won't allow me to click on someone's name in the news feed to go to their profile
I
Ok
It seems like it crashes during the update of the news feed. Or if I'm reading something, it just decides to go to the top of my news feed and I have to scroll down again to find what I was reading. Annoying!
Why I can't install my facebook ?
Many an
Love it
News feed is not loading quickly with a wifi connection and this update is not allowing to turn off notifications from a post!
Takes a lot mb
Thats not good because whenever i want to log out my id it become lazy and laziest and dont log out this is the cheapest FB . Thats why i rate it With 1 star...
Unable to connect to news feed  after last update. Developer plz fix the problem.
Love it
Eventhough I turn off the function 'Always open link with external browser' then close app and open again, they just show me any external apps to choose to open. I like to use the internal browser. Please fix them.
Coo
Struggle to access feeds on home wifi, but perfect everywhere else.. What the hell? Fix please
This sucks y'all need to fix this I've restarted my phone several times and it still won't load its slow as I'll get out if it keeps this up I'm just going to delete facebook
V N C
Best
Love it
Wal
Very good app for search friends
Sebab Banyak isu boleh dapat daripada facebook.saya bangga ada facebook sekarang
Please make it so we can make cover photos private to the public***  Why does news feed have all different dates & times jumbled together. Please put option back to turn off notifications when you comment on post

Vg
I love miley cyrus
Very good
It's so useful in my studies.
Im not satisfied with this new Facebook updates It's totally shot down my adobe flash player. Can't watch videos on Facebook. And was charged for more data plan.
My favorite apps, very useful
When I am scrolling through my newsfeed and see something worth reading, I get half way through it and my page decides to reload automatically, losing what I was reading or looking at. This gets extremely annoying when it happens time after time. It would also be nice to turn off notifications like it was before.
When I go to Account Settings > Notifications, I used to see my notifications so I could unfollow some of them. Now it goes to a different screen, and I can't unfollow any notifications.
Thank you
News feed automatically refreshes and sends you to the top.  Have to scroll down through hundreds of posts to continue where you left off.  PLEASE FIX.
FB is doing an outstanding job!
I logged out now i get a error  message  when trying  to log back in
Ever since the update NOTHING is loading. Videos won't stream and pics won't load. Gotta fix this.
consumes too much battery. So I am going to uninstall it and will use it in browser till it is fixed.
Something about this update slowed everything down. Feed and images take forever to load, if at all.
Very nice
My favourite
Won't load

It really connects
NICE APPS  HMM BEFORR I ALWAYS BROWSING FACEBOOK NOW I KEEP THIS APPS FOR THE BEST APPS EVER SORRY IF I GRAMMAR LITTLE
Great
Always on line here..No doubt.
Malik
..........!!!!!!!!!!!
like
Excellent
Since the last update I have not been able to see pictures or videos that friends post. All I get is a leading circle. Sponsored/advertising pictures and videos show up no problem but I just want to see what my friend post. Fix please....thank you!
Nice
Yes
I don't like the new update. You click notification and have to hit back button  to check your next one. Also haven't found  a way to turn off notification  on post that I no longer want to follow  that I commented on. Why keep changing  something  that was working fine in the beginning?
it's so bad updating
Beautiful
Priya tamang
Love it
I cannot log into my games I log with facebook
Pretty fun, kinda addictive
It keeps giving me notifications of a page I "unliked"...duh?!?....fix this!!!...its very annoying!!!!
iam use in facebook f.b is very good apps
Super slow loading in some images..specially in all old images....
This app sucks it goes really slow and i have a good device can you update it. -_-
There are so many adds now. Also Facebook keeps changing
This app isn't very compatible with the particular smartphone that I own which, is the Huawei brand.  I've tried out several different smartphones and with each and every one of them, this "Facebook" application always crashes and closes every few minutes.  It is very aggravating!  This app's memory usage is terrible as well.  Another frustration is, the Messenger application.  I wish that we ("Facebook" users) could still send and receive messages through one application instead, of two applications.
Good can improve more
I don't wanna download the messenger app.

refused 4efforts to sign up.    looking for a different "type" ?!?!
I .love.ti
Patta
Never accept downloading into my phone
Suprb
Superb
t
hai
loved it
Awesome
Red
Excellent!!!!
Good
This update keeps causing Facebook to crash but constantly reloading a blue page on my Android I have to restart daily !
Vary good
It's  very  nice
Good
It turns off for no reason
Why this Apps so stupid!!! Update already once open my facebook,he jump back to the home...2hat is the problem !!!
Was working fine, but after the last update now my Samsung Galaxy IV won't open the links.  Every time I click on a link in someone's post all I get is a blank white screen.  What the - - - - ???
Ok
Won't  load!! Can't click on names in newsfeed! Won't  allow me to visit page unless I actually search the person.. FIX PLEASE
Won't let me have this on my phone keeps saying incompatible
Best           :
Deserves no star!!! Must I download a special application to read, type or reply private messages?? U got zero on this!
Download on
Super
When I want to see notification it will be closed every time
1112223
MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT MOST RECENT Fire your app developers with prejudice.
Exlnt rate
fix it for the better
Crashes every time i open it
Like.
Because you can get in touch with your friends and family very quickly and post lots of stuff needs stuff pictures
Im using galaxy tab 3 i think the latest update has the problem to all tablets..it close itself automatically after opening fb..please fix this
Nice one
This update sucks
The messenger its hasle apps,...
Pissu hadena sada
It's great
Its too good
love

Its nice but cn b faster..
This app sucks!!!
Since ive updated the app, facebook browser sucks, get rid of it. Also, whenever I want to click on names or on pages it does not work. I feel like im better off using the web browser instead.
Perfect
Awesome
Hahahaha l
C
I can't upload this application since yesterday!
If you want to split, just split it. Remove the new message notification as i will read it from the web. It is annoying as i cant remove the notification
Will not open keeps force closing
Love pa
guddd i like it
Perfect
The updates is sucks  Always error to see the notification Fakkkkkkkkkkk
Asyik keluar dalam 5 saat, minta pihak yang berwajib dapat menyelesaikan masalah ini.
Why would you complain? It's free
Best communication to each other...
good
Nice
Loved it
ITS fun
1 star for me because it so log i cannot enjoy it..
IT IS USING TOO MUCH MY RAM SPACE :'( :'( can you handle it??
In built browser outs the most welcome feature. 5 stars
Fb
Everyone connect the people
loved it....
Sanjeewa
Thembi.maphalala
Nice
The new update sucks!!!!
why everytime I try to watch a video on facebook it says unknown error? It did this before the last update but then the last update of me watching now this update wont again this is bullcrap.. is bullcrap 2 updates later and it still doesn't work? Can someone please tell me why or what I need to do to fix it?
I love it
.,oHh IMG
I'm so tired of the app crashing. Fix it!
Superb
Very slow and choppy performance. Not intuitive. Why is it so difficult to make an album? Why can't I upload more than one photo at a time?
It keeps crashing every time you scroll onto a video clip and been happening ever since video cl貝ps play automatically. No point in keeping the app anymore. Reported it several times.
Good
nice
Very good apps
after last update fb app is not working.
Facebook on mobile devices sucks + crashing all the time.
Bhuraram barwar banar
K
I'm an poor man I need help please help me
Facebook
Bhoot badiya
There are a lot of small issues with this app. I can't set my news feed to most recent rather than top stories (most 'top stories') are 2 days old when the appear. I can't upload photos any quicker than about 10 mins per photo. The news feed resets itself to the top while you're scrolling down. Most people I follow do not appear in my news feed. Plus a lot more irritating things about this app.
1
It's nice for all age's and all times to touch with near one and dear one
Love being able to keep in touch with my family!!!
I had to install it before you updated it
So goood this apps
The best app in the world... Epic in various proportions... utilize wisely...
Not bad want more improvement
Dont like fb messenger.
very useful.
install
Why you always update??? Does it matter? You should desire no star!!!
Great!
loved it
Good
Esta chivudf buuo
Very gud
very good use this app and i feel good very fast
Its suck's
Chajvsa
I hate this browser
Why it need all my data?
I like dis
Good time pass.   Too slow
haizzzzzz
NRedefined
Hussain
I can't click on other people's profiles
Good for me
Goods

Cant log in
awesome
Nice

Cool
it's really suck! i can't stop any notification from the pic that i've been taged!
Awesome
Love it
sucks so bad. photos won't load fast enough, when someone mentions you in a comment it doesn't go to that comment. many more problems. it needs to be fixed.
Loda Facebook bad
Ok
Good
Useless as I am contantly being kicked off facebook.
Wonderful usage no words to say

<3
I love facebook
Facebook
pratik
Good
Excellent app
Bonsro
Fb best
I like this app so much cause u can connect with people u miss an far
Good no open
Beuty
Fine App..Thanks
Like
Mera humdum sahara
Contact for families all over the world easy
Hai I liked it
Bring back the quicktabs that stay on top, clicking backwards to get back to home page is waste of time.  Can't see notifications due to this anymore either.
So good
I configured to notify only for comments and I'm getting likes notifications too.
This is not running smoothly in my Samsung Galaxy S3
Facebook
Can I??
Tupeloalex
We are not able to copy text in app.. Or pest.!!! Do something best for app...
Superb
doesn't work! Before updating 5 stars....
Never run good in android
After update, don't deserve even a single star
It is great
Cannot open links, why must use on app browser? When open new post, it opened older post.
Excellent!!
Find friend

Manish
Problems with uploading profile and restart my phone always
Nice .....I like it
I have recently purchased a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and everytime I try to click on someone's name or on a group in my Feed the link does not link through. Therefore I'm constantly stuck on my feed unable to view a friends profile or a group and just stuck on the Feed. I never had this issue on the Note 3 or anything else. Before this the app was great.
Good
Why does this app keep shutting down?? Ive uninstalled and installed again days later, but still shuts down just after opening it!! Aargh
Mukund Deshmukh
Went to withrow high school
Loved it
It's a wonderful app
I can't see my sent friend request...
Download
i love fb
After downloading this updated version m unable to download or share photos to other media. Can't untag myself directly from photos I am to visit my timeline to do so. Fix it plz. Dn stop save photo button.
This is good application
I need text selection in this app
Good
this app cant be download...This sucks and a s*** app....
Love the new design :D
Mohr Mohr
Good
EasyTo search my friends anywhere..hmmmm
super,super,super, nice,,,,,,
So good for enhancemente your wisdom
Fb is good n the best^^...
Cool ! Hahaha . with this app , i can connect to my friends ..
Because is so very nice..
Yes it is really a good app
When I go to see notification it automatically turn off please solve it
I really want fb people to answer all the complaints...we subscribers have to now what happens...
New update is rubbish app keeps freezing I've lost count of how many times I've had to force close the app!!!!

Hanuman
Its a nice app.....
Kamat
Zoom is so blured, i can't read the text from the pictures everytime i try to zoom it was so blured.
N
linlin
Ok
Thanks
Jajajja
Mr

Good for keeping up with family
I'm loving it :)
Come
Azad Kashmir
samsung star 2
Very slowwwwww......   And to heavy
Load if u hv to enjoy fb fast i ts faddddduuhuhuu
Saedap sngat la fb bleh tau berita lah we
Do you really wanna advice for this apps to work flawless in your device ? Go to settings : uninstall - clear data & then try to installed again with helping from your own Mobile/Modem WIFI, that works for me !!!
It kind of complicated. Sometimes. Y
Good
The most app I lov it
LIONEL  MESSI
Thanks
Any time I read an article from Facebook browser I get directed to a pop up.
Like
Very speed good
Noob
It is annoying to be taken out anytime you want to see a few posts! Ive been removing this app then downloading but it remains unfixed! Very inefficient!
What a joke.
Abhi
I can't login into the whaff app
Thanks for again
Fb
I hate how im reading something on my news feed and it shoots up to the top! And I cant find the dang post again!
Grate
Very good
JaiShree.krishna
App is too slow
I Love Facebook
Though slow but I like it
please put on "CUSTOM" option, if we're making some statuses, so we can privately hide some of our audiences like we don't want them to see our posts, this app is just lacking with that option, I think. :)  just add that option. so I dont go to chrome again to do that.
Updates are the same old things and are not good this time too
FIX  FACEBOOK
Nice
For some reason when I like a post or comment, it disappears? Help please!

Dont lke dis update.:/
It always stop
Can not unfollow comments not good
I cannot install fb in phone, pls help. "Couldn't install in phone storage or usb."
This application is faster wow !!
Problem
Status of  facebook app will not copy.please check and fix
Nice
But this app ruined future
Awesome
I think its so radical dudes hell yeah facebook!!!
Best messenger
Does not load pictures on news feed page. Each picture just shows a refresh button that does nothing when you press it.
Will not log out, just goes to main screen on smartphone. Go to log in and session expired tap screen. Never happened until I updated.
Being one of the largest social networking sites, the android app is just a downright failure. Takes time to load, interface is not friendly & needs improvement and so much more.
Everything is ok now
can't used of the message box, there is facebook messenger always pop up when i dont like to use messenger then
Nice
Keeps waking my phone from deep sleep even with all notifications off (dozens of wake alarms per hour), which increases standby power drain. This needs to be fixed.
Bj
Rubbish wont let me login just keeps saying you have entered your email address in wrong we have now corrected it please log in again. I cant use my facebook on please get this fixed now.

Easy to connect
I loved this app please install it
I am sooo sick of the FB app, it crashes every time,  i dont use the tablet anymore as i simply cant get on FB. I have reset, restored, uninstalled bloody everything,  when are they going to fix it,
No hot Top
but it is too sloww :'( :'(
Personal mobile fb
I can't access my inbox messages I even installed that stupid messenger app...and for what?!?? Fix and I'll change my rating
:*
420 blaze it fgt Darude sandstorm dislike.this.if ur from illuminati /@\
Mufaddal al
Since the most recent update the app constantly freezes and crashes causing my phone to lock up. Also, the new layout either hid or took away the option to see "most recent"
super good aaps
Awesome way to keep updated on your Family & Friends
I can't seem to upload videos with the new update. I have to uninstall the updates to upload a video.....it sucks....fix it! I have an LG Optimus pro G
The last update really blows. Nothing loads up, including pictures. This app has been garbage for years. Must be designed by a group of five year olds.
If you uninstall and reinstall it every so often you can avoid the scourge of messenger...
Kool
Get rid of the browser guys! Its not faster at all. And it doesn't open YouTube links in the YouTube app. Dumb as .
Kenapa harus ada ruang yang besar untuk buka facebook? Sedang kan dulu tak perlu..bila dah download nak buka tiba2 tertutup aplikasi facebook termati tiba tiba tolong bantu saya..
I can't tap on names to go to their profile. Why is it so hard to click a name?!
my auto update is turned off and it still updated after i clicked decline when it asked
Worst update ever
Causes a big battery drain and handset overheating, if you've ever wondered why your mobile starts to chug this is the culprit. The need for a second App to  message with is complete b*llocks.
Since last update can't no longer log in!
can you put the top comment first
Why can't I turn off notification on post I commented on????? Please fix this!!! Stop doing updates on stuff that don't need fixed!!!
No pictures will load!!! Fix this please!!!
Nice
Whenever i open facebook on my tablet it closes.   I cant click on anything. I see other people are having issues as well. Hopefully they will fix this soon.
Considering how big this social media service is, the application they have developed is very poorly constructed. Big disappointment.
They let me get hacked lost all my information for the second time in a year and there's nobody to contact to get help
Y cant I open my messages?
To much storage space taken up
Cool
Why does the navigation and notification bar get hidden while looking at different feeds and pages? It means navigation takes at minimum one extra step from almost any part of the app. No cut & paste support. All links open Facebook in browser before heading to destination. Doesn't use proper API for contact sync.
GASS ND MUD LZ LETS GET IT MFS KNOW HOW IM ROCKIN !!!!!!!
Love it
So the one feature I utilized most "turn off notifications" IS gone! FB is just annoying now! Constant notifications from posts I've commented on days ago. Seems the only way to shut them off is to delete comments from the posts I've commented on? Irritating! Please put it back the way it was! Very displeased with this!
Finally just gave up and uninstalled this app. It won't stay open, keeps bouncing me out to the home screen.  Needs major fixing before I reinstall.
Great
Feel good
Nice
You've improved the load time. Any chance you can optimize this for tablets? It looks like an ugly, giant version of the phone app right now.
But difficult to install ie if you want to upgrade.

Sandar
Chgotg um bic
I don't like the fact that you need to download the messenger app to see your messages.
After watching a video it stays on the video instead of going back to news feed
Yes it works great
While it has been quirky, after I loaded an update a day ago,  I am having photo issues.  It won't let me out of the photo to go back to Facebook.
Not loading!!!! Suuuucks
Mines keeps stopping at 93% like wtf ?
Getting better
I have a problem when I search a page and I wanted to say something for example writing in the page statues it won't let all I can do is write private message to that page put I can't post nothing in their page or iam I doing something wrong?
The reply function has been implemented. Good.
Go Facebook
MONJU
The update x very bad for my phone
But it has a bug,  it closes when u try to openg somethings
So good
This app for my tablet is terrible,  all it does is crash!
♂28/10♂ wota pointless bloody update that was! now instead of saying the full word "Facebook" on login, it just says "F"..STOP UNECCESARY UPDATES AND TRY FIXING STUFF INSTEAD, THOUSANDS OF US ON HERE WITH PROBLEMS!! ♂26/10♂ Cleared Cache no diff FB LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE ♂12/10♂Two interactions then logs me out! ♂10/10♂Is this app actually for "android" or just for phones? can FB please answer. ♂9/10♂Same crap no fix.♂27/9♂ if FB was a shop wud be closed, fix it♂14/9 UD no fix♂10/9♂ SAME OLD all other apps f
Won't let me put password on facebook. Can you help?
Excellent
Great app
Hey
News feed shows only stuff from yesterday. So I go to most recent and when I click on a friends name it doesn't do anything.
Loadinggggggg
I have downloaded it, but it runs slowly
Shanvaz shanu
i like this  application
I uninstalled it because of so many issues, thinking it could  be fixed by installing it again. And now this.
Super
I think it is going to be fun
If someone replies to something that you have tagged them in. E g. I scroll to a picture i think is funny, i tag a mate. Then he replies to my tag. But if 100 people have commented on that picture after my tag. I have to scroll up the comments until i find mine just too see what he wrote. You should be able to just click on the notification that tells you he replied and it should take you to your tag and show his reply. Thanks please fixx!
It is awesome
Not able to see pictures, this needs fixing 
Ok
It crashes all the time ever since the last update
Excellent
I just love Facebook and how it's changed for the better
La 迆ltima actualizaci車n en donde se integra un navegador est芍 p谷sima no funciona no abren las p芍ginas aparte de eso consume mucha memoria.
This update sucks, won't allow you to turn off notifications on posts that you comment on. Just because I comment doesn't mean that I want to be notified every time someone else comments. Guess I'm just going to have to stop commenting!!!!
Yes Love It!!!

Always something now it's not uploading photos
soooo slowwwww
Can't click on names like i used to.  Have to keep hitting the back button when i used to click on a tab at the top.  Those buttons are gone when i search.
Al principio estaban un lindas las actualizaciones pero tantas ya no ban y no quedan bien lo unico que acen es bajar la rapides de mi android malo.. no me gusto
Good 4 you
What is wrong with this app..???? Need to be fixed ASAP
I'll be browsing the news feed and then all of a sudden, bam, I'm back at the top. Then I have to try and find the spot where I was last. Not worth the frustration.
Coool nick
Best
Fine
I
Crashes every few seconds.
Excellent
Please give back the option to turn off notifications from posts. I really hate getting constant notifications from something I've commented on from groups I'm in. Some end up with hundreds of comments and no longer need to keep reading.
Every time I try to check my notifications it crashes while it's trying to load! I have to try again and again and again
Doesn't load feed over wifi. Works fine on network. Other apps work fine on wifi. Droid maxx

Liked pages and friends status do not always show up. Constantly seeing liked pages status and update show up a day or two after in my news feed to stories and app wants too much access to your phone
Clash of clan
Can't open anything with the bold links!
Forces you to install messenger to send or check messages. I don't approve.
Kool
Muahaha
:(:)
Nice
Crashing all the time, driving me mad! Grr stupid app!
So ive just upgraded my phone to the note 4 from the 3. Normally u can click  on friends names and it takes you to their page. For some  reason it isn't  letting me :(
It ok...so i love it.
TRASH
Timeline doesn't ever load, never sends me notifications, and won't post my comments or statues.. This app sucks
Download always stops at 5.34mb what the heck?!
Security!!  Virus blocking
Facebook is awesome
Why can't I share something with someone in a private message on this app?
But still needs moree work
Love it
Only love
Locks up often on note 2
Facebook is worthless on Tab 3 10.1. Here is how it works after update...open-crash. open-crash. open-crash........TRASH.
All good except fb won't connect with my WiFi but my WiFi is working
It's not been too bad but now it keeps crashing. No idea why. I still can't choose a "most recent" default. V. annoying.
Facebook
4 for regular update but looking forward for the same time update with ios app.
Wish it was more like the version for computer. Currently can't delete comments or change newsfeed from most popular to most recent.
Facebook
Drama drama drama
I didn't like it a lot cause when I forgot my password I changed the phone nvm but it would it let me
Love it
I love it
I like Facebook.  I text to my friends and have good time.
Rafikfakirfacebook com
Hello
Is good app
Awsome
Seriously. Every time I enter the app it shuts down and gots back to my home screen. EVERY TIME. please fix it.
It always quits for no reason
Crashes / closes continuously, please fix asap.
Although the links don't send me to a bunch of redirects anynore, you need to put the option to unsubscibe from a post back to where it was originally. It's really annoying to get a bunch of notifications on posts I no longer want to follow.
It's nice app for my galaxy s5 love you
Cant load any pictures
Whooo i love it
When i click a perons name on my feed it no longer takes me to their page....why? Please fix
best sngat
Its vry good app i lyk it..bt it takes more ram usage..:-( so only 3strs..
It is absolutely retarded that I need a separate app to private method.
The latest updates cause the app to crash regularly and other peoples profiles wont load. Please fix the current bugs!
The latest update will not let my news feed update. If I Uninstall and then download again it will update but that is the only time. it also won't give me notifications for people that have commented or liked anything. Samsung Galaxy 5
Golden app
Everytime I try to click on someone's name on my news feed to go to their profile it doesn't work!!  What's up with this??? Please fix it!
I dont want to use messenger pllease dont send me
Its really cool you get to chat with your friend post thing take pics I just really like it
Not perfect, a bit disjointed with the separate messenger app.
goog
Its ok
Since the new update all links are non existing on a brand new s5 fix this
Very good
this app is ma life! actually its better than the previous one! that app didnt hav pic saving optionz!
Nice to kip in touch
It's getting better !
Allah is one
Good social site
Love it
Can't go on Facebook on my phone as it keeps closing up on me.
Awesome.
Not getting notifications. Trash.
I constantly get an error that the news feed isnt loading even though I'm connected to WIFI. Then if I disconnect from it, it won't pick up on my mobile data for another 20 or 30 minutes.
I love it thanx
Gud
Nice
Superb app
What what what . why everyday update . why
I started with Facebook to stay in contact with my family while out of country and in. I love Facebook it works for me I have found old friends and family I never met....now how great is that Facebook you ROCK! !!!!!!
Fun time
Excellent I LOVE it
Thumb up
Needs no description
Thank god for the book! 
And it's gone unstable and keeps crashing.  I'll keep reinstalling,  there is no other contender really
love it
Addd me on Facebook
Wonderful
Wen i use this app it cnt connect fast. Ill be waiting for more 15mins.
I get to text girlfriend now
Constantly changing, striving for improvement
Keep up the good work! Looking forward to seeing what else you can do with this app. Only thing I don't like, is it takes up a lot of space on my phone and also drains the battery fairly quickly.
Its awesome mate
Download it and have fun
It fabulouse
yeah yonga matier aosi
I have installed and uninstalled this app twice hoping it would get better and it still sucks
It seems they added a browser to the app for linked web pages. It doesn't compare to chrome, pretty frustrating and I can't copy the link to open it in a different browser. Many failures with mobile sites not being rendered properly.
Happy
Just rating it but it doesn't wanna install. How  can I lyk something that doesn't work
I Dont even have this app on my phone and it keeps sending me notifications! Plz stop its annoying!
Well i can't complaint like others , the app's good and i liked it because the moment i used it which is like decads.ago untill now i did not face any sort of problems althought it loads abit slower nowadays so i give it 4S.
Whats going on?????????????
My best application
And I only have it bc I have to.
I am unable to find my album with my videos in it. All my albums are there with the exception of the videos album. The album is there when viewing my profile from a PC..
Facebook Iss Lyfeee Omss Tfsee
Gud for time pass :)
Your android app sucks. Every time I try to open a link to a comment or a picture or even just a friends profile,  let alone try and share a status, it closes down. Sort it out.
Effective
Its part of life
When I got the app , it gives me problems with my password. I have it wrote down but still gives me probt.lems. Please fix
Very nic app
Good
Perfect
Photo upload suckes! It takes forever.
Simply the best
Mdmozamml
Bu
I dont no wat people are talking about but this is awsome
Its nise
App keeps crashing! Plz fix
LG .
?
I could not load & it always crash!
Facebook
Kerren lah
My images doesn't work/load.
Love it
I get to talk with my gf and my friends and you know hehehe
It's okay
Great
K
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for some reason my facebook deleted i dont know why that happened
Facebook
Since this most recent update I can no longer go to people's profiles by tapping their name when they're in my news feed. It also will not connect to articles outside of the app anymore when I tap them to try to read them. It just pulls up a new tab with no link. Super irritating. App sucks. Galaxy Note III.
Draining my battery and I can't figure out how to stop it. I've turned all notifications off and everything about to just delete it.
.....
Janet Jackson
It stops working
Facebook is not working properly on my phone.  It is very annoying.  Please fix for a better rating.  Please fix.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled it to see if that fixes it.
I want let me log in why is that ?
After I updated app today it doesn't work properly and close after scrolling.
Kerry angelo dupond
Unable to watch fb videos with the cellular data on.
Superb
Can't open articles more than half the time. Works but that's about it
Rosenei
Bijoik
Sucks dick never reloads or says my internet needs to be refreshed
Had to reset data. Also, seriously needs the ability to tag pages when writing posts like web. It doesn't work. And "stop notifications" option isn't there in photo posts.
I love the Fb app its Great
Since the last update i noted a problem in loading news feed.. it does not load. Plus i cannot turn off notification from a post anymore. Plz fix.
on facebook yaaaas boo
I guess it will be good
Facebook
I like it when it's not freezing
New update sucks i want to uninstal it the worst update ever
The old version was much better :/
Great job
New App
Im Using fb since 6 years ...happy to see all friends with chatting comments likes sharing ...enjoying free time
arround the world we go
It hangs my entire mobile! !!
Ever since last update, will not load anymore!!!  Fix and I will give better rating!
It won't show pictures on my. Newsfeed
Still getting a lot of force close and freezes lately. Whats up with that?
Video do not upload in mp4 quailty. Fix it.
I love facebook mre thn facebook messe ger
Good
Plz fix continue reading, no matter how much I try I can't get it the first time.
It says it won't download due to an error.
I. Would like to be able to use more emoticons
soooo nice thank youn
Face book
Hate it hate it hate it. The goat fockers who designed it don't deserve to use computers. Even if you change every setting available it is focking with your phone and CAN EVEN MAKE PHONE CALLS, wtf guys? A bunch of deck sucking cents who should work for Lehman Bros and do less damage to the world.
Ok
Entertainment
Good
No me deja ver fotos con la nueva actualisacion... favor de solucionar eso
; )
Too many problems. Kept restarting my phone.
Very good.
But I can not change my profile pic can u help on tat!
Slow on almost every device and every internet connection
Its easy to use,i love it!
The font needs to be larger, or at least add the feature that allows you to change its size manually (from the app itself) + please replace the poor UI in tablet!! (Actually it has to be rebulit!)
Randomly start blinking on screen & shuts down whatever device I am using. It is awful!!
videos pause when you tap them to check the remaining time; you have to swipe a card all the way to the border of the screen in order to see the card on their side.
Very good
Very nice
When someone tags me in a post, it doesn't show where! I have to look for it myself! That could take a while and I didn't like that! Please fix it! Thank you.
Erna wati
Being forced to download another app? When you already downloaded a Facebook app? No thx. I'll use Facebook app when this is fixed
Nice
Very nice apps.
Massenger
Since the last update it has not worked at all. It is not my tablets issue because i have had samsung look at it.
Is a bunch of bs.. its slow and it closes on its own...
Samsung Galaxy tab 3
pension
Alrigth
Updated it and now it won't let me on
Best app ever
Constantly crashes,jittery and very unstable
Its the best
What is the point of updating when you make it worse ? I'm fairly confident you have a pretty competent I t team , I don't understand the point of doing weekly updates when surely you could do a complete update monthly . The frustration this time is your new terribly bad ap keeps telling me the session has expired when I'm trying to log in ,that would be ok if I was already in but had left it idle, I always log out when finished. Now I can't get in unless I shut my phone down . Gone gone gone gone .
Messenger is annoying. Like the one app apparatus
Love
Previous version was better.
I have been consistently refreshing and waiting for pictures to load, but it's apparent that there's a new glitches. Please fix
Thanks again
When can I see most recent posts rather then when someone sneezed two weeks ago!!!!!!!!!!??????
Won't load full sized pictures. Just kicks back to gallery or feed. Very annoying.
Good stuff
ranawat  vikram singh
Good
After installing the latest update (October 29th) I got this error on my LG G3: " android.process.acore has stopped". I couldn't make calls, read SMS and almost every other tap ended with this alert. Only after uninstalling Facebook application my phone came back to life.
Won't show pictures utter rubbish don't update
I cnt gt on n havent been able to in months i gt kicked off all the time
shiro hijran
cant search for anyone as it keeps in kicking me out - kicks me out when I comment actually when I try to do anything !!!!
I love it
It's been almost 5 days since I get the message error loading news feed. Needs to be disconnected from WiFi and re-connected for updating.
Personal
I love this app
Good app
Fb
PAR
Superb
With Facebook being the most common social networking, I believe that the developers can do better than this. It has an awfully classic appearance theme and functionings are quite complicated, not user friendly. In short, it's like using win98 while friends (other apps) are using win 8.1 :)
The new update have a big problem with playing video because when the video end the last picture in it stuck on my fon screen and the application crush and stop responding ...
Awsome
For whatever reason, I cannot edit comments I've posted when I'm on my phone. I don't know if this was a feature you've opted to remove sneakily or what. I want it back.
Can't go to pages by tapping names in tags or posts. Facebook sucks and little effort has been put in to updating it. Useless app
Rardhava
Sda
Why did you remove the menu bar (friends list, message list and notifications) when in the 'most recent' option? You took away the very most convinient part of 'most recent' option ever since you removed it from default. Why do you hate 'most recent' so much?!!
Tegeste sillasee
bad...
Crashes on both my devices Note2 and Tab3
Love the new update :3
Smh
So high in mb I don't want Fb app I go to browser to fb
GOOD
it was working just fine before the update..please fix this asap!!!!

I can't watch any video that my friends post
The app is gud but I can't deny some of the requests
I try n try how many time to get back my frist facebook acount i had year ago  n there no help that all i want ia to get my old facebook acount can
Good entertainer
Ever since the update..There's no where for me to turn off notifications. Can't turn them off from the post and I can't go into account settings and turn them off through notifications. This needs to be fixed asap.
Vary bad way used lot of ROM.I hate this app.plz modeyfi this app.
You see a link in your newsfeed. You click it. You read/watch what you clicked on. You are done. Close browser and no matter where in your newsfeed you are at, it resets all the way to the beginning. FIX THIS! One step from uninstalling this app entirely.  No matter what updates you geniuses (I use that sarcastically) put out.. NONE of them address this issue. Samsung Galaxy
Way too invasive

At times when i click on the app it says error loading retry . My internet is working absolutely fine . Still it doesnt work . Fix this problem
It still takes way to long to load on my Droid 3. Plz fix. If fixed i will give 5 stars
Always kicks me back have to open again and again usless.
If i click on an article to read,  then go back after reading, everything chops and changes around
A lot of technical errors.
Koka
So annoying when I am scrolling thru my news feed; only about halfway thru my unread posts, and the app automatically jumps all the way to top without asking me. Drives me nuts and wastes my time
WhatsApp
Good
It keeps crashing when I open the app
Good
Owo
I hate how u need messenger to message
AS OF YESTERDAY, I CAN NO LONGER TURN OFF NOTIFICATIONS FOR POSTS THAT I LIKE, COMMENT ON, OR TAGGED IN!!!!! PLEASE SWEET JESUS FIX THIS IMMEDIATELY!!!!!
Keeps crashing when scrolling feeds on Galaxy S5
G.
Excellent App.
Khalidrahim
In app browsing is slow.  Messages was moved to a separate app because why.   So many errors I have lost count even when I am in LTE or slower connection.  Overall slow and needs a ton of work.  Get your heads out of your a****** people!
Good
Not goodCOMMM ONNN MANNN
Seems to crash or hang more even with the most recent update..
Useful
Takes too much space
Can you please fix this?
Manojsici
Very god

Installed. Uninstalled. Re installed. Will not stay open. Keeps force closing itself.
Easy to use
Whats the deal....can't even scroll through posts...knocks me out...you need to fix this...
Had to download messanger not happy. Then it keeps updating and not letting me click links or pages. Facebook is going downhill just like MySpace did.
For an older version
Its too good

Since the newest update,  the app freezes up and I am having to go to phone settings to force stop.
loved it
Does facebook have a team dedicated to finding ways of making things worse? Why on earth is the app running in a window smaller than my device's screen?  A lot of content is cut off around the edges. Well done. Also, put messenger back into the main app please.  Even if it's only limited to text which is all I want from it anyway. A lot of us don't care for sending little pictures and recordings and all that nonsense.
All the best
Like @
Latest version Sucks
Unable to use this app on my galaxy tablet since the last android upgrade - bombs within few seconds. Ok on my phone. So frustrating.  Appears not to open properly as blue bar stops 1/4 way across screen.
Great
like it much
Why is everyone complaining?? I like this version so much better. The old version wouldn't even let me put a pic in the comments. I seriously think its your phone and not the app. I use to have problems w connecting to Fb on app games but I got a new phone and everything works like it should. It also might be operator error lol
It's worse now than the last update... I I can't stop these random notifications
India
I'm done Facebook. Deleted till you fix your app. Do you even test it before releasing the update? Everything else on my phone works fine. Just keep getting "error loading news feed".
The last version was slow as hell
I hate the messenger
Plz make it movable to sd card it is good bt takes a lot of memory of fone....  Plzzz fixxx it....!!!!
Crashes, size too big (100 MB+, seriously?), can't load profiles or today's birthdays, liking stuff difficult as ever.
fb is wonderful app...We can chat over millions of people around the world. We can do video chatting also nd send pics......videos etc.......This is great. We can upload our photos nd videos videos nd update status also we can also set our profile pic.....nd one system is there which allows us that we can show our post to public frnds etc....great app. ....This app keeps us connected to our relatives nd frnds  all over the world
Pictures are not loading an have not been for a few days
It keeps closing!!!
I'm not able to save any images in my device.. :(
Only text could be shown. Photos are not able to show. if I could rate no star, I would rate it.
Amitesh jaiswal
Loy
Slows down my phone
Mau lh aku donlowd
Sivaji
Wow! It's Great
I liked it better before they started messenger BS
It stopped working and then I unintstalled it. Tried to reinstall but it won't even do that. You guys really dropped the ball on this one
Well obviously fb is too big now for them to acknowledge any issues from us little people. The app now continues running and needs to be force closed after every use, to prevent battery drain. This is only since the last update, before that it was fine!!
Big up
All
Ok
Nice.
Can't click on Friends name to access their page and can't click on page names to access the page.   Are the people who make these updates actually qualified software designers or just random 5 year olds?
disant
Its fere good
Facebook was fine until the last update. I can't see photos, the news feed won't update. The only way to view it is through my web browser. What's the point of the app if it doesn't work?
good apps.. and i'm enjoy
Please bring back the MostRecent as default view for News Feed!!  It's embarrassing!
Yasoda yasoda
The photos don't load I wait wait but I can't see photos
Face Book
Can you get rid of the auto refresh? I'll refresh it when I want to... WTF!!! and status bar goes away when looking at comments... 3 stars till you fix problem...
52849415
It stores to much of cache which slow's down my phone
Just remove the pic crop limit
Since the last update this has been rubbish.Uninstalled it and reinstalled. Still rubbish.
Thanks for all your help.
I'm not a fan of the app and prefer to access FB via my browser (FB'S own fault). Just got a Galaxy S5 through Verizon.  The latest download of the app won't let me click on people's names via the newsfeed to go to their profile. That's very basic stuff that I used to be able to do.  STOP TINKERING AND BREAKING EVERYTHING FACEBOOK.
Cannot load my news feed and ever since I've updated it has interfered with my connection to the Internet on my phone. Totally sucks.
Was what@@W was saw@awaw@aww q2qq awww aww-@@@QQuite quite@was@ @aquite@was
It is best
Vvg
Make people together
I can not share other people's post or can I click on their profile when it posts. Please fix.
Did not intend it for a profile picture
Nice app
Luavas copui  i n  lzb
Safe
Whoop whoop
The newest update no longer allows me to turn off notifications on posts in the settings anymore... This is very aggrivating
I love fb so much
DASTAGIRI
Frm last update it sucks(facebook) it wont open kip returning to my full screen ....n saying session expired must log in.... nnnkkkkkttttt
This app is epic but has some bugs
Great
I LOVE IY
Bad
This new version is worst.... Hate ths 
Loved it
Why i cant use facebook at my samsung tap...when i key in after 3min will return off...pls help me, tq
Well will yea leave these saintly people alone. Sure what have they done to the people but good. John FFS  give a break
Love Facebook be able to talk to family & friends all over
good
He'll yessssa
After update I can open my fb it has a lot's of  problems please fix the  problem as soon as possible.
Apps
Idk what's going on but now if I click on anything it just closes! I can't do anything on it! I tried uninstalling it an reinstalled but it's still doing it!!                                                               ..another update and it's worse!! Now when i try an open the app on my tablet it just closes! ! COME ON FACEBOOK FIX IT!!!
Nice
Crashing  On Note 4 when i try to open  notifications. More Slower..
STUPID APP NO GOOD
The app is getting worse and worse: I don't see my updates from my friends that would interest me but I see updates from friends that are not in my close circle and I see more and more ads. On top of that I need to install a second app to read messages! This makes this app useless. I'll uninstall it and use the webapp instead.
Photos won't load!! :@
Ok
There shouldn't be any glitches
Purana hai
All of a sudden half of the pictures people post just don't load and you can't click it to try to enlarge it and open it. Tried restarting the app and my phone but its not working either way.
Kathi Morales
I'm new but I love it ;)
Love it!
Very fast n nice
love facebook
Great
Excellent hard worker
Nice
Lemot coy. Mark jubleg
Mimi
I give it 5 star  bcoz my first love is meet mee on it.....
224466
When I try to play a video its loading but not playing can you try an fix it for me thank you
Due to this new update..I can't log in to my profile..No matter how many times I try..it just says there is an error.....Pls fix this...

Easy
The worst ever. When I open it it will close down.. I have restated my phone uninstalled it and reinstalled Fb.
It is slow to load. Seems like it is about time for another update.
It's alright.
App won't work on galaxy tab 3. Updates have come but neither one changed this fact.
Save tym
Why i have 2 apps for FACEBOOK !!  App for social and neww feds and other for chat...  U update it to make it easier and lighter not to divide it!!!!
Ta
facebook
Its wonderful app
Unable to download.
It ok
Yadav ji ka osm pics
Priya singh
Verry nice. I love it.
It's not loading and showing errors
It's just awesome ..  ... .. connects easily and refresh the stories in a few seconds.
Every time I use it now it all of the sudden shuts down!!!! What's the problem???
Like
This thing needs a lot of developing keep crashing when I go to notifications screen
Nice
Please fix. I cannot open some group pages.
You guys need to make it so that facebook can open new mobile upload files so that they dont get too full with pictures.
Facebook has a serious problem. They want your attention ALL THE TIME. Notifications stuck to the lock screen, coupled with messenger app bubbles all over the home screen... please, stop. You are ruining the experience for the rest of us that DON'T want to see Facebook plastered over EVERY aspect of their device. Now app has it's own browser. Open Facebook, see a web page. Tap back button a hundred times to get back to Facebook. What happened to the news feed? Isn't that what this was for?
still somethings are missing.
Why
This app is good
So great
Groovey baby groove
Really Facebook ? DON'T FIX WHAT ISN'T BROKEN ! 
Amazing
Standard
I love fb
Extremely slow, constantly locks up, force closes all the time. My rating for this app just keeps going down the more frustrated I get with. I regret updating. They added two "short cuts" they just clutter up my apps. There needs to be an option to eliminate these. And now you need a second app to message people. I wish my rating could be in the  negatives
Maximum time messenger not connected with it
Like it
Good
App won't load profiles. News feed is out of date, notifications are slim to non existent. Not sure why there isn't an option to have to feed display most recent by default instead of a mix between recent and days/weeks old posts
i downloaded it for 5 times,but when it reach to 100% it was disappear and went out. its kinda so iritating though, my conection was good. im kinda mad of this. shitt.!
It was working just fine till this morning when I updated,  now it wont let me see any pictures on posts nor if I click.. It sux.. please fix.. I have a Samsung Galaxy S4. .
I see my last rating was deleted. Doesn't matter this app is still a pos. How long does it take to verify by two gov issued IDs that my FB profile name is indeed ※authentic"?
Thinking

This is a nice app
Horrible
Nice
Need improvement
Its the worlds best app....
The app was loaded onto my Google Nexus. Downloaded an update and now it keeps crashing rendering Facebook unusable on my device!
It's Facebook, what more shall I say?
No words to say dears
When i open a video it taking time to open and always in pause....need to play again every second.and.it take too much space
Wow very nice
It allows me to open it but after 5 seconds it closes the app. Im not sure what you guys did but you need to fix it
God
I LCS
I no longer have the capability to upload a pic on a comment. I have an Android, pls advise or fix. Thx
* * * * *
Se cierra cada 3 movimientos y me manda error, que mierda!
Can't even watch vidoes anymore just keeps freezing smh fix this
Facebook is my life and in my blod
Ain't reliable, i don't even know why should we install this apps , tsk tsk. Poor, very poor!
I can't see mine n friends' photos on facebook.  It's loading n retry. If you can fix this I will give you 5 star.
Idk if its me or this new update but  now pics and videos don't even load up on my newsfeed anymore, they're all gray blanks!!! would appreciate it if the dumbasses behind facebook would fix this soon, thank you.
Such  ascot app
I cant download this app. Can someone know what is happening?
Good for keeping up with your Facebook  account.
U can also try it
Love it
I am so lonly
Liked it
Facebook not open
Won't let me add my friends
Star
I too have not been able to use it either.  Have uninstalled and reinstalled all to no avail several times?   What the heck happened????  I use the other fb version,  but it's nowhere near as fast or accurate.   PLEASE FIX THE OLD ONE AND GIVE IT BACK!!!  I too took it to the Samsung rep and Best Buy.  They couldn't fix it.
I am using Huawei Mediapad 7 Youth 2. And it reaches home screen and says Facebook stopped. Please fix this in your next update.
Like
Every time I poot me email and password it Sades that that's not me password and email. I need some thing else to talk and text to my family.
Have no words
My facebook account is lost!!
When i try to sign in it says this email is not register with facebook
Then i made a new account with a SAME email..
Very much space needed
Cisf
Facebook
Good
Go back to 'most often accessed' or give us a choice at least! Please. . .
For time pase
Because facebook seperate Message service so I don't need anymore. Usually people trying to make easy to use in one software, but facebook is trying to split services in to apps.
Good
I reset my android device today and installed new fb app I tried to login but I am getting error msg ...pls give me the solution
Every update hangs and crashes, extremely unreliable.
I like this
I get to chat with friends and play games
I Love P T I
Str8 garbage, dosent even open turned my screen black
Wow nice time pass cannot leave this app love it a lot Facebook its used for chatting with friends took luv this a lot.....
Easy to use , need improvement
anandsawang@yahoo.in
Wow
Frequently crash in background.....
Nice
Keeps saying unknown error
K
Good
Very easy to use and no problems with using it :)
Love this fb
Its blocking a lot
Love
Just good.
Sooper
Worst update cabt even load pics and cant even open it
Just good
vikash
It is nice app
booys after last update it is really good ! good job ! but work hard on continuosless of moves.  like it is on apple products :) gave 5 stars
I like a face book..muah25 pd smue pnguna fb
Good
Unless ur using fb everyday, do not install this app. It takes all of the phones resources and dont let them go
Again i am having problems with loading i have installed and uninstalled this same app 3 different times and its the same thing every time works the first week and the craps out and stops loading
And is jumping off stories I am reading again rather than asking like it did before. And on my other device always loads the same old story even when I clicked on a totally different notification
I want the old facebook without msgr i dont like facebook with msgr
I like this app
Was working fine up till latest updates now keeps crashing!! Sometimes I am only on app a few seconds before goes off !!
Good app
Great
Uhhhh
More secure
Great
Gold
It sends notification even though we never played those games in android app especially candy crush and other games . Unable to chat unless we download Facebook messenger this really hated . Not even get single star.
Ok
It's ok, I can use it but not fast..
Doesn't work right can't go to people pages from wall please fix.
Nice app
Pictures and videos are taking FOR EVER to load!  It's really annoying
SD card
They better hurry up and fix the last update....open for 2 seconds...poof gone samsung tablet....
It is very slow and it dosent respond
love it
It downloads very slow
This is very bad app
it is very Good.  Some people. Use
Wow ok  Apps
Loved it
Frankyluv
I've not been able to access Facebook. The app keeps closing before it will even open. I will be deleting it if this continues.
Keeps exiting to home page  Can't post anything  very annoying. If you can't do an update to fix the problem, why do you bother!!!! I have a suggestion, why don't you remove all the updates you have done for about the last 5 months!!!! Facebook was working fine then!!!! I need to add an apology to Facebook, seems my problem was not them but Samsung android. They did an update to fix "glitches" and now Facebook works fine.
Ethiopia oromiyaa
Ndo habari ya mujini
Very good
Ever since the update enforcing Facebook Messenger, Facebook has become unusable.  It shuts down every time I click on a link. I see literally hundreds of posts from people experiencing the same problem, but no solution is forthcoming.  Poor show, Facebook!
Good
Whatever update you guys ran this time, it's crashing my Facebook App and every other app that is linked to it in 4-5 seconds. I'm not happy that I can't even listen to music on my Spotify without having it kick me out because "Facebook has suddenly crashed". As a matter of fact, I can't even unlink my account without getting a crash report and then having it kick me out. Even as I type this review, I'm getting the report sent to me. Fix this, Facebook!
Great update but a serious memory hog.
Nice
Nice and eazy
Goods
Facebook when you have nothing better 2 do like getting laid!
md.farook            T                    F
Very nice
Why do I have to physically shut the app down in my task manager for the galaxy s4 since the last update? Its draining my battery drastically.
100%
It enabejfdbdk
Good one :p
fix it pls
What happen la, yyyyyy I can't access my account. Show unknown error.my account only can't open, my friend account is open . Please fix that la.....
P
Like
JUTT
keeps closing on me when I hit news feed or even open the application. come on Facebook fix this!
Free call is very good
I love it
Very sweet
Facebook
But why we can't see more old post?? We need to see our history of post on our tim line.  Please update new.
Its good
Nice
Thanks
I have not been able to use FB.I think it was right after the last update.
Facebook will not let me share anything
KaththiMohan
Azbellah weneimel wekil
Love it great for keeping ibn touch!
Ok
SUBIR
Please do fix the problem. Too much slow
Always worked never had a problem, then update and it constantly crashes especially while watching videos!
I love it. Lol
I may lick this  dariving
PSALMIST
Mostly hanged up after a while. .
I just loved Facebook
Alla
Iy wrecked me 2 very addictive
J piragash
It keeps closing
I love FB. Its useful for keeping in touch. A good time user, advertising, entertaining. Would be lost without it.
Good way to keep in touch with people you havent seen in along time and those who care about you
Always crash wtf...
Best app..
Add "friends except acquaintance s " post option
Happy with it..
I like fb every phone
Every update you do makes it even worse than b4!!
I like this
Rana sajan g
Yo yo paaaji
Good
I like it
ffdf feed SD
So great when we chat with friends.
Since the recent update, my fb always crash... And need to log in again everytime!
It's alright
This is 50%good new update line's
It is. All. Good
Good
In HTC VIVID this app is not working properly, specially vedios.
I.i.y
Find the the mistAke
Nice Look latest software...
Excellent
Won't load since last update.
It help in share my feelings
Too many small issues. Force closing, freezing up, not wanting to refresh itself, I have to go through multiple different message icons just to open a new inbox message. I HATE that you have to go to profile settings where the most recent posts are an, additional option, instead of, a default setting. With the choice then of having the option to view the news feed as Top Stories! I'ts all backwards... definately rushed through. Could use some work!
Iove
Fantastics
I like it so nice
Perfect
Good
Facebook takes long time 2 load
I really liked it :-)
Really useful
It is the best app that I have on my tablet Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
How are you
To keep contact with my friends & Family
This is the third time I have had to delete the app and install it again. It is constantly closing before I can touch anything.
Can't tap and view profiles. #fail
Better than my space
where's the turn off notification?
God
A Facebook browser? Mandatory Messenger? No thank you. They are slowing down my phone, eating up memory, and now FB is not working as well as it did before the most recent update. "Failed to load" and "tap to retry" are the most common pages I see, even after uninstalling and reinstalling.
I like
Excellent facebook I like
Recent update is beyond laggy and freezes constantly then force closes.
I like it.
I like this apps enough.. Because I think it consumes less battery than my path. But why does it can't play any video? Keep saying "sorry but an unknown error occured while trying to play this video". Fyi I'm using sony xperia Z. Please fix this soon and I'll fix my rating too. Thx.
Love never ends
It wont let me download it it keeps saying error code 24 like whats that its very annoying i just want to download the app i jad no problem untill tbe update
It says tat there are some notifications and messages bt I dont seee them
Why the f*** messaging is moved to different application ?!?! That's bulls***
I like facebook
Loved it
Terbaik
Fixed it!!!!!
Nice app....
Owner VonvRector Kennel
i love fb
Please please fix. Can't like or comment on anything without notification blowing up. Used to be able to shut off notifications. Since last update can't shut them off anymore
Deduced that Facebook was causing my galaxy s4 to restart anytime I used it. Get It sorted Facebook
I cannt live without facebook 
youmie
Sopar aap download now
I am good feeling to day Operations
Samsung galaxy note 3 neo
Pls be fix soon pls cause it still takes to much space in my memory pls be fix soon facebook why your still not fix I am almost out of memory space pls guys fix it
Its nice. :)
Take away the news feed crap. Just give an option to keep most recent instead of facebook "trying" to tell me what I want to see!!!!!
Just for timepass
Goood
Good
hi nice please downloading thanks fast no
It is a best app and it is a facebook
Loving the new update.
Always old but can updated it will be nice....
Perfect
Ek num
Good
This app is awsm.....
This really pure apppppp....
Emma mpanza
Best
Super
I like
Better if I could view and send messages without separate messenger app, why not? Before you could.
Boring.... Not too much entertainmenting
Good one not best
Haimanot@8
K
stop the the polling pop up ..why are u even telling us to go vote....
Good
always crash and close on lenovo k900
Wow  excellent
But it's run slow and when anybody poked me it's buffer and take time to show who poked me developer you need to fix that issue
Sara
The way
Thanks
My hometown on line with my friends and family members who are on line with me...
Good
its not working
Give us a break!!!!!your updates just make things worse!!!!
Subba

I like facebook
Good
An error occured always while playing the videos
I give u 5 star....
It's hanging too much
It take s more time
Really loved it
It's freaking force closing after 5 seconds of launching! Fix this please.
Maximum data is now a days eaten up by Facebook application. My 65% of data is consumed by this application. Please fix it else I will have to uninstall it forever!
WHY when the fecebook update the loading will be longer n sometime facebook force close it self??? 
Very good
Loved it
I hope that it will not cause me any ADDICTION
Fun fast easy
Lovely
Its awsmmmmm....
Best app of the world
Want massagers also terrile
I give it 4 star bcoz some problems in chat box ...... When people of he show me online ?????
Jhakas
I would like open by chrome for multi tab view
I don't like to be forced to use the Facebook browser to open up links.. Let us use our own browser and put yours as an option not the other way round!
godase
Disappointed with the update. Earlier there was only one problem i faced using the app was, it never shows archive,spam and other folder in messages. But after the update two more problems has arrived for me: 1) can not see when person joined FB. Only FB logo is there with no date. 2) can not see the friend request I sent. I tried almost everything to find it there.
Good apps to connect people
Lovely
Love it..
please help,i cannot install the facebook app on my Xperia E1.,
great 2 hve!!!
Nyc
I think this is
I don't always get notifications. Otherwise 5 stars.
Good app
Its good if it move on sd card
Ever since the last update my Facebook freezes ALL the time
Moshin latif3
Not that good but not bad.
With the latest update on my galazy s5 I cant turn off notifications on a conversation now!
Saya menyukai halaman ini..kerana boleh mengenali ramai rakan..
Nice
Grt job mr.zuggerberg
good
This app made very slow my phone, also always when I open Faceboo, it close. ;l.          I prefere open Facebook on my browse
It freezes a lot with new updates and when scrolling will try to start at beginning rather than continuing. Glitches need to be fixed again then it wud b better
It's fan .
I like it much..
Veronica matlock lewis
Yep it takes all. I downloaded facebook but I can't use it.
Wonderful app ever..!!
Nice
Facebook
Most of my friends are on here
I one star
Superb
Force close since i update it ..ale uto.but nice..haha..
Very good
Good ...
New update After the newest update, pictures and videos won't load properly on WiFi, only 4G. I have not had this issue with any other app. (I copied this from another review because it is EXACTLY the same problem my wife and I are having since the last update).
Great
Nice app facebook
A convenient way of using Facebook
Gooodd apppp as social network
Calicut
Since having my LG G2 phone, I haven't had any problems with the Facebook app. I like the new update. The links that you click opens right up through the app. Keep it, Facebook. :)
Even if i have a big space in my storage 
Yep I kniw
It's llkl
it's always not responding!! It's so irritating!
Best app
Return the ability to unfollow individual posts in the app and I will change my rating
What a kak slow browser. It's stupid and I don't want it.
For the newest facebook version to work (for it to not shut off, etc.), you must do a software update on your tablets. After that is done, facebook should work fine. ^.^
I Love Fb ! I Hate Wechat
after new update it takes more tym to load news feed
Hassle...do i really have to take a long time to download it on my phone... Y always said connection timed out while ive got 4 bars of signal. This apps really eat lots of load.
It's good. Needs to be better.
I don't have the option to add a photo comment. Is there something I need to download?
Doesn't work anymore on my tablet
Nazmul
Its just cool if its fake I wont wait for a moment to uninstall it
1no.    Galaxy grand prime
liked it
Vadodara.
Love this
Can  be slow at times and it can act up at times
I would love if you can reply  to people comments on statuses not just facebook pages
Like it
When the app works, it's great. The issue is that it only works occasionally and I usually have to uninstall and re-install it to get it working again. Step up your game, Facebook.
Hate that FB changes my settings every time I look. App constantly updating while you're still reading older stuff tired of having to scroll way down to get back ... Thumbs down!
Unoptimised,causes a big battery drain and if you've ever wondered why your handset starts to chug up this is the culprit. I wasnt expecting great performanc e to begin with and the FB App has proven it, also the need for a second App with the same amount of B*llocks issues is stupid.
realy lovD iT
Its a problem...never loads and its exits itself when I'm using it
What to say about it !!! Facebook is popular and ...
I can't seem to click on pages or profiles.  Also can NO longer turn off notifications.  This is annoying
G.sivaiah5088@gmalcom
My Facebook is not working after d last update
Good way well done Mark......
Good
Owsome......!
Awesome
good
goosebumps
Facebook videos are constantly buffering, but will never play. Even on wifi. Please fix this.
ambigAt ng App ntu .. buti pa Last versionz wLa pa Ako pRobLema.. :3 ,, nagCacrash bigla ang app,, fix nyo to tpos wag na mag upDate.. :3
Good
The app keeps refreshing my news feeds even when I turned the auto refresh in settings fix this please.
Hebat lahh fecebook nie
Very good.. ilikeit
Fix the crashing facebook...crashes every 10secs....:(
It has a lot of problems
Sihaam flaking
the new version is not good!
Its all carashing, pics still loading loading, videos still loading, no use of this app, worst udpate ever
It does not allow me to do anything on my Business page nor on personal page. SUCKS!
Please let us choose the pictures or videos we want to upload accessible via the gallery or folders cuz it's hard when I want to upload a picture that belong to 10+ more months 
Selfiana selfiana
Fig
I can keep up with love ones and friends
Hang frequantly
I hate the new fb browser feature. Id rather my link open in my own internet browser. Fb browser causes my fone to crash or freeze. Please fix.
Don't like that the app auto boot ups & the way the app opens articles in app rather than in browser.
nice
Newsfeed is all out of order! Just get it back to the old way when the most recent news was the first thing we read! Get it together!
Excellent
I have a problem with Facebook instant closing when i did not do nothing at all. Please Fix.
Mantomentria
Causes my phone to freeze up.
Its good
This software worked fine thanks
Other apps deliver much better user experience than the offical fb app
Randomly locks up, basically unusable.
I like this app
Coming from ios Facebook to this chap excuse of an app
I cantuse it!!! after last update it closes without permistion!
This app is a hassle. Having the messenger part separate makes no sense and the messenger app itself is incredibly annoying ! The worst part about this app is that it now randomly refreshes and changes while you are trying to read something and then its gone even if you set it to never refresh. Its so annoying.
I liked this much n more
Its awsomeee
Fb
Ang tagal mag appload ng facebook
Need I say more.  Looks like I'm not the only one with this problem.  Worked great before...
Love fb
It was good since then. Unti ut eats a lot of resources.
Not even installing. Worst ever application
Love it
Good & interested
I only can play video by using wifi only !!! When i use mobile data it always say its error !! Please fix it ,! I am using xperia Z
Lag
I used to like the facebook app. Now it is jus plain annoying.takes up a lot of space and wants you to download the messenger app. Not going to happen. Notifications aren't shown anymore.i just keep the app to easily upload pictures for my family who lives in another country.   edit nov.5: what is this stuff that some timelines won't load anymore? it is just certain people and facebook.tells me i don't have an internet connection.not true.fix it!

I can't c the pics or video
Fails to load anything since update, doesn't crash, just perpetual loading.
Love it
It is first time when I am installing it and I have very few time but it was awesome moment with my sir.
Fulk up,pls excape frm this he has virus
Amaging
i like facebook..
The ability to unfollow posts is gone. Still don't understand other messages and why there is no notification that I have one. Meh.
Facebook has worked fine for a while but now won't upload a photo from my phone. Please fix!!!
Since I was disabled from Facebook unable 2 connect 2 any of my games at all plus my emails not working either. I think I've been hacked unable in 4 months
This app is horrible! You can't delete pictures from your album, you can't delete pictures that you're tagged in, it won't allow to see your entire news feed and when you scroll down longer than 20 minutes it automatically takes you back to the top of the news feed.  You can't approve a request of someone seeking permission to tag themselves in one of your photos
Never have any problems
Good
Nice ok ful powerfull
Top
This is verry good & fsst
poor
I can't see pics anymore. I noticed this last night.
Down load is a big problem
Its so slow
Keep up the good work! 妾(^_^)ㄘㄗ(^﹝^)用

I like it
too poor it makes my cellphone slow a lot and not just mines uninstalling I rather go to facebook by using Opera mini
Horrible
Excellent app
Facebook your updates are crap this use to work on my tablet now can't even get it stay open so am uninstalling  I have  had enough your app is the worst. It would be great if you could fix this problem but that takes months.
This App Keeps us in connecting with our friends from all around the world.
Using this app at home where I usually tap into my home wireless it won't log on. Everything else logs on but not Facebook, very frustrating and annoying.
I cannot install it to my device wtf !!!
I loved this app but when we use it its is very undispersal and it cannot be uninstall  so can you help me
It make my fend near

Downloadedcit and is owsome
Cant press on the name or the tags to show the things
Ok ok

But I can't view my message's,,,,
Nice
It works correctly and is awwwwwesssssssomeeee
lots of time get restart after last update...using samsung duos
After I update facebook I cant play any video
Great
Dear Facebook Developers,  You are taking too much space in our phone's storage, and i'm wondering why since your app is for online usage. Also, i hated it when i'm changing the privacy of the post in my timeline and it keeps going all over at the top again.
Great :) Superb  Hoping for more updates <3
Nothing
Faiq
Always force closed on clicking a video......... No matter how many times I report this there is no response from team＃＃.
Since this last update fb app will not stay open for more than a few seconds. Im on a Samsung Galaxy Tab3. I tried uninstalling & reinstalling but it didnt work. Uninstalling!!!!!
Session expired.. tried everything people said and don't solve anything!pls help my account!everytime I want to post a photo(not nude photos) i got kicked out from my account, and now i ca't get into my facebook!! Pls fix this
I love it much
I love it.
Nice
renzo
Good
Desperately needs preloading (one post/pic at time while scrolling is definition of hell!). Seriously the mobile web version is better for scrolling the feed (with preloading!) and I don't know whether it's thanks to Google for Chrome or shame on FB for not making it work in the app. Also the forced install of messenger sucks!
Very unhappy with fb.  The pass word always fails and have to reset. Why????????
Excellent one but should be faster in log in and in charging of ads
Fabulouse
Cant download it.
After a very short-lived mostly working update, FB has once again made me think they want people to abandon the mobile app. I have watched FIVE different devices' FB apps break with the latest update when I allowed the update to happen...... 100% failure rate! It is much easier to use a browser than their nonfunctional app.
Can't login to my Facebook and keep getting a error like server could not establish connection and I tried browsing it using google chrome and it works just fine. Don't know what happened after that last update but its kind a dissappointing trying several times before successfully login .please fix this issue
It is nice but some time it does not work sometimes
When I log on and try to read things it will kick me out of the app completely... I uninstalled n reinstall n it still does the same thing
I don't understand. I can't open my Facebook
Disgusting app
awesome!!
Long
Hi
Ever since the update on app. No notification sound! Fix this problem! Rather than that it's a ok app.
Good
Its OK
Miss you
Every time playing video the facebook stop and not responding
I love it cuz it brings us together nomatter how far you are
Surendran
Luvd it
Love it
Super bagal ng apps.
With update will not open on my android phone. Very upset!
PAR
Malam tu
Bad
Theface book app close after a few minutes automatically but i didnt do something it just close the app
The app is so good and fast
Because I cannot install it on my device that may appear "Unknown error code during application install -24" guys will you plss help me to install again the Facebook if you help me igive Facebook 5 star
Good
very nice:)
Still hate it. And now I can't stop notifications on my phone nor my tablet. Time to delete this app. It was nice for a little while but now it just sucks.
So Nice
I could never get back to face book once I sign out

. . .galing. . .
I get so high
You
nice
Super
Nice
NEW KPM PATTU CENTRE KARUR
Hood
Yab
NICE SOFT WARE
Very good
Nice
Always force closes, and never updates my feed. Facebook needs to fix their crap.
It's one thing hijacking my browser choice, but if you are going to force me to use your browser, at least include flash. The number of posts with links that lead to unplayable content is infuriating
Face book used and more friends with in seconds
Best social site sharing lot of information.
I like this app
love it .
Nunca cierra sesi車n y se cuelga
Amazing
Great app. But always can be improved.
errha
Samantha
ma fb id nt operin
Hangs every time I logout
good
Memory very big
Seriously about to just delete this app. With every single review being awful, I'm so confused as to how this has a 4.0 rating. I didn't even want or need this terrible update.
Amazing app
slow
Ok
No comment
The best
I can view now my friends' wall, without the app crashing.
Forcing top stories, forcing comments to show up on top of lists, making my most recents basically top stories, in app browser not working with many websites and pages, the list goes on. Fb used to be about what we wanted to see and share. We used it for what we wanted to use it for. Now we just have to deal with some guys 'vision' of what he thinks fb should be, and to hell with what we think. Gg Facebook, gfg.....
:-)
It said Android version not avalaible in my device...Please fix it
Awesome
It's great
Faceboook!
Loved it
Nice
Verry nice and i love it
Good    face book
Gioj
After an up date 5 days ago, this app has become worst. I can't use it both in my galaxy note1& Hisense HS U980. When I touch on an image or video, it goes off. Now I am using internet browser to log in facebook. Thinking to UN INSTAL the App. Waiting few days for another update, hoping that it may be solved.
Licked it
The app  was very hanked
Facebook
Nabin lunar yadav
Thank you for putting the fb messages back. I rated it 5 because of this.
:( soooooooooooo baaaaaaad
Works pretty good
I jus drool....
I like most coz all people.
Sp groups
for
Can't move to SD card and takes up way to much space. Do not like the permissions the app wants and I hate that I have to have the messenger app to take up more space. Its stupid. Ready to go back to Myspace!
Trending
Vary fast run in sony xperia mobile phone
When ever i open it. It just crashes in an about 1 min or less
After I did an update on phone can't log into FB no matter what I do. I'm logged in again on Tablet! What's really going on?
Fix this crap! I wish I could go lower then 1 star! I can't look threw fb because it keeps going back to the beginning!
Supper
Absolutely fab itkeeps me linked to all my friends.
Everytime I open this app,it crash!!!!!!! Oh please help
This app is great very great AWESOME
Cat
Before the last update the back button can close tge app and dont keep it running, now with the new stupid update the app keep runnig even when I get out of it though the back button! #Fail
Happy to join in
I like.
I love it
Love
Really good...
Will not work on samsung tablet with operating system 4.4.2 just opens up and closes with in seconds samsung or facebook will admit it there problem
Good
Very good
Ok
Its sooo goo9ood
amazing app for socializing with friends and family! but make sure you are at least 13 or over to be able to join Facebook!
There is no downloading option for photos. otherwise  good.
Govt own it. Spy on You!
Eke
I can know more news from anywhere
adhara arin.
its making my device hot and lagging my device...please fix
Always hanging up and not responding...
Fast LOGIN & Fast LOGOUT nice update facebook.
Its very easy to upload the photos..
great
Pradeep.k
It's speed just satisfied to u.
Like
Hate it hate it hate it. The goat fockers who designed it don't deserve to use computers.
I like et
Nothing
Cannot play video anymore,what the h**l happened...
Nice app help my life easyier
New version is not good.
good.now
Happy chat & games & news best
Can't see pictures that friends, groups and pages are posting!! This app was great til the recent update. Removed and reinstalled and still have this problem! So recent update should have been named crapdate!
It helps me to chat with my friends even if I am a kid
Awesome
Good
Mine crashes constantly loads slow, wjust stick to online sites
Good
every time i tap on a photo or try to open a newsfeed or to expand comments the app shuts down n returns to my homescreen.  its impossible to use at the min
Nice
It keeps disconnecting and won't allow me to post been happening lots over last few days keep uninstalling but no better
.
I can introduce my bisnes through this application.. i like it
Takes more than 100 mb. Using web Facebook now. :-(
I love this apps. Thank you ;)
Yo yo
I can custom set on a desk top who may or may not see my posts by naming one person or a list of people but I can not do the same on phone app, why?  Could we please make this happen?
I just can't tell what to say about this app,  all i can say is "it is awesome".
So why can I not message another user in this app? I need to download another app to message. Ok no, if this continues I will unistall and just use the browser version, I can use the browser version of your product and do more then the app version on mobile. Thats sad, you are clearly not listening to your QA.
Black & white
This app does not work
It's cool
When I go on Facebook keeps going back to home screen on phone after a couple of minutes
Chandio
:)
I love it
App
Whats wrong with this new setting. I cannot share directly to 1 person at all... And i cannot seem to play video when i click on it. Takes so long to load and play also..
Good site
The app constantly closes for no reason while I try to use it on my tablet.
Very useful
The last two updates have broken the app. Pictures no longer load in my timeline, and switching tabs takes 5+ seconds on a Nexus 5. Horrible, just horrible.
Chat Must Download Messenger What...
I deleted one star because of lags
N. A.
Tres bon

Issues resolved, as good as before again...
Mai hu na
It takes ages to select on someone to get to their profile
Ganesh
Good working
AfTer few months I Can't post  and share my status in groups.... :O like cheaply Facebook ... Not god. AnD its working to much slow ... Or when I minimizing my Facebook then its doesn't tell me notifications...
Dunno
Unable to turn comments notifications off.. wth!
This version is very slow
Cant able to make a comment. Everytime ill make comments the typing bar doesnt appear below the comments why? It is started when i updated the facebook. Please fix this for 5 stars
Even tough I have Note 3 it still force closes 1out of 5 times when I play a video
Nice
Love it
Nice I love it
Absolute rubbish!!!!!...... keeps going back to homepage everytime I go to friends pages, share posts, write comments & everything else. So frustrating.....please fix it!!!!!!!!! Dislike given one star!  :-0
very good
I love it
ALL NICE
Rubbish keeps closing everytime I try to do anything , please fix this its driving me crazy
please dont ask everytime to sign facebook whenever i open it.
Facebook
Takes up to much space always crashing never works etc etc etc nothing but problems
better than old version
Doesn't work since update , fix it
Bad
The new update is appauling. Its slow, does what it wants and makes no sence in the navigation. It now freezes and shuts off. A once good app now turned horrid. Sort it out facebook!!!
Samsung galaxy S5
Priya
You naver is my harte
Some of my likes pages dont show update
The only thing I actually hate now is that I can't choose my images in a way that makes sense, I have a lot of images on my phone and scrolling through the entire lot to find the one Facebook decided to put down the bottom for some reason is not very practical, I wish I could just use my gallery app  but overall I'm very happy with it
Don't know what you have done to this app but whenever I touch something to look at, pics, comments etc then the app closes, pretty much unusable,  I have to use my pc, really disappointed,  please fix.
liked
If you fix the emojis. All I can see is boxes :///
Yea,thanks to t new update..nw i cn  never log in-crashes evrytime wen i
It's fast.!
Is there a reason why Facebook is not capable of loading even the simplest stuff?
Love it more
Love it
Ghi
Why the hell haven't we got a tablet version yet? No longer closes when exiting the app have to force close! Don't know why I have it on my phone tbh. Facebook sucks!
Beautiful
Nice
Old version is good
Nice app
I'm not able to see some photos, the new system to open links doesn't works... the last update is the biggest s**t never seen
I love this facebook

Gud
Can't click on group names to go to. Very annoying.
Moto e
I love it
I am a HTC android user and couldn't find the button. Pls help! After I write a comment on friends status/photos,  I've been bombarded with comments from their friends. Really need the button, and pls make it visible.
Hj
123456
RIDICULOUS!!!!! Just tried to reinstall app on 11-5-14 thinking I could use and to no avail it was POINTLESS!!! Could not EVEN keep open for 5 seconds!!! WTF happened to this app?? No other problems with any other apps at all. Can someone please FIX this??
Anandh Darao
Please fix the current version. It's sucks
Very  slow app
Nice
Your app absolutely SUCKS. I've never had so many FC as this worthless crap app. Ridiculous how pathetic it is. One out of a hundred times it'll work normally. Guess I'll go back to my browser.
Thanks
It superb
Good for me
Kod
good apps
Loading facebook now takes officially 10 years after a recent update which i think was 3-4 weeks ago. And it seems abit slow as well. And it randomly crashes! It was better before this recent ''update''.
Ko ko ko
After the last update, i cant even check on my news feeds coz its crashing.. HELP!!!
Very. Very. Good
Very good
CH sai krishna
Christians pages
Best App
Shilaj
I can't post "what are you doing?" feature if i chose "feeling" "happy" or whatsoever it doesn't put to my status. It was always blank but other features were working fine. Please fix 
I loved it application because it makes me happy and enjoyed while I used it...thank you..
I m unable to change my profile picture!!!!
It brings life to ur daily life style
Thank you! :)
its good but it isn't that much user friendly, copying and pasting something is still dumb
Good app
Fb
I love this app
Siam ch
Cool
Want start!!!!!
I guess it's good..but sometimes it freezers
Pangit nakakasira ng araw
It uses more data than the old version and takes forever to load. It sucks the....
I like facebook
im facebooker lol
Good
Bellam55
I dont want messenger to see my messages.
I love it
Fine
So bad this application I m not use this application properly
Wow

Boring.... Not too much entertainmenting
;)
Now a day the making trouble when log in and sometimes accounts doesn't open plz old version is gud :) 3
Can't open anything that's shared and it just didn't load!!!  New update ruined this app.
So the Facebook app hasn't worked for quite some time on my Tab 3. Each time I start the app, it returns me back to my device home screen after a few seconds with no error message whatsoever. This seems to be quite a common problem judging by a quick Google search. On the upside, works fine on my Galaxy Alpha, but please fix to work on Tabs!
Facebook won't stay open. It closes after about 5 seconds. No use of even having it on my galaxy tab 3 if this is the way it's going to be.
Can't see map of exact locations for specific groups anymore.
Not bad
Love it
Beside my main problem wich there's no copy & paste..  when im in a page and reading posts after each tall post  i read it bring me back to the top if the page :'(
Facebook is ok but not better than whats app
Nice and faster than before
I love  this  app
Then this app is Da Bomb Diggidy YO!
Great
The application automatically closed  after few minutes
the app keeps crashing in my tablet
since the update there are only random photos showing on my feed. Most of the ones that are showing I cannot see. Other posts that I know have pictures, the pictures are totally missing
The latest update is ridiculous. First of all, I can see the latest comment on a post which is kind of useless if there are eight comments before that. Also, I can't 'stop notifications' anymore on posts which their content is no longer releavent to me, so i just get another bazillion notifications from the people still commenting. Very annoying update.
Very very very very nice
privileged!!!!!
Xperia Z1
Since update it,s freezing all the time and I can,t update  my status please fix this issue or I will be uninstalling
I
Feels like nothing could be better
Can't delete comments or edit them.... :( WTF..... CAN'T REMOVE TAGS....... 
This new update is really fast as mentioned .  .....great work
I love fb .....
Nice
But it keeps crashing.
Please enable copy text option in this app.
Beautiful Me
Hate the fact that i have to update every now nd then
Social media monster
Very bad
I like it realy
rajiniyadau58
Haha
But this update not working well. Every time I open the app. It takes me to the notification every time. Please fix this. Other than this problem. It's perfect. Thank you for your work on this app. :)
Since the October 29 2014 update, I cannot see my boxes for friends, photos, and about sections. I can see everyone else's but my own. I can view it fine from my browser but not the app. Please fix this bug, I want my stuff accessible again.
Putada to slow
Cannot eun fast
Good app
Half the time it doesn't load, I can hardly use it since its too slow. Its absolutely pathetic
I love all.
Facebook
H
It's broken
Loved it
While scrolling thru my news feed no pictures nor videos will load. I have tried everything nothing will work. And the sad thing it got worse after the last update nothing will load!!!
whats happen in facebook when im update much more slower than ever i cant open fb its been hour iv been waiting and please fix troubleloading :-/
Very nice
Doesn't log out it takes 10x trys to log out
Lags on me.
Update
Good one works well with my android
Usually
It will load but then force stop every time since the last update. It's very annoying. I just un installed it and now re installing it. I will see how it works
Missed u fb
It's very good
can't log in
It's okay.
5
I don't like this when ever I try to log in some protocol error comes up and doesn't let me go on fb
I hate this I am unable to share and comment unbearable each time it takes me to the homepage.
Please improve the loading speed, it takes long time to load images even with good internet connection
Wtf I hate this stupid internal browser, why the fuck would anyone want that shit. *Cough* I'm dying, I'm dead, I'm gone..... gonna go vomit to feel better. Ew
Super networking platform & also good one to connect wid frnds & family
Awesome app
Baikkkkkkk 
Was great. You keep messing with it. Now when I want to access my archived messages it takes me to the web to log in. What the hell.  Fix this. Update. Youve completely ruined this app. Thankfully I can still run version 7.0. The last good one before you updated into bs.
As i open it and go to messages or notification tab it gets hang and quits.
Super
Since last update it won't load up pictures in my feed. Developers need to fix this asap. App is sucking!

Super slow
Facebook was amazing
Sahin
Samsung Galaxy Y
Profiles won't load, no notifications bar on the recent posts tab. Ugh.
C'est rapide, je n'utilise pr豕sque plus mon ordi pour consulter mon profil.
Very nice
Works ok but needs access to all my private information and that's unsettling
Thanks for  FB
What happened to turn off notifications? Love that part of the app.
When I open any page...it crashes....The news feed is OK....The error is only opening pages on my nvidia quad core  tegra 3 processor..
I want to install my facenook but it can not install... I don't know Y..
App is so nice but  when i play the videos not open and then facebook stop please solve the problem.
Hate It
I don't think I've had this many problems with other apps Facebook will freeze and force close and stall out my phone WHY must it do this!!
Ever since update it sucks to click on any kind of link... It no longer opens in browser to where if you scroll through a few pages you can x out ... No you gotta backtrack your way out ... Thanks for ruining a good thing ... Please, please, please fix
Just downloading it so let's see ahead. ...
Well done yet another update and still haven't fixed the glitch! Please sort this stupid app out keeps shutting down every time I try to do anything... gonna have to find another app for FB I think... pity
Wow
Care fast it
Love
Like
So nyc
It
Luv u fb
Ok
What a application '
Facebook apps can't stay open more than few seconds even I have already reinstalled it. Please fix it!!!!
Facebook
This is the worst  facebook update ever.  When I start to use it, it shuts down completely.  I cant even browse photos or edit or share stuff! Please fix it asap!!!!
Great app never had any problems .
Nice
Tango m  essages saffer keywords purchased opened again good
All these new updates just keep making it worse!
Amazing
Why do we need an integrated browser?
This app is so fucked up
Using my camera or microphone this is unethical!!! I do not give fb or anyone, permission to use my phone under hardware controls  to use OR record audio or video or turn my microphone or camera on without I repeat without my permission , you keep expanding what your need to control on my phone still UNETHICAL on your part!! Also find it UNETHICALfor FB to blackmail user's into using message app!!
I like it. It's simple,fast and keeping close to my friend
friends
Facebook
Dosti he mara dharm he
It's good
Messenger is not working , -when I try to go to talk to anyone I get message saying waiti g for network and it does not go any further
Keep trying to delete photos and can't please fix
i love this
Too many adverts
I like we distributed our ideas through Facebook.
I can't play video after update....
Messenger excluded - 2 stars lost
Crashing on android tablet can't use anymore.
Kindly fix this. After i updated to the latest version, the widget is missing from the widget list and on my screen as well ...
not Working status Icon Like emotion
It is a really cool game
The information    ON
Bate.N.Nenry Akondek
Keeps glitching and freezing. Lame! Was happening before but then fixed.. New update and guess what's happening again.
Photos and videos now take too much time to load compared to about 8 versions back. Please also make it possible that the number of my friends on chat should be displayed on the home screen without me having to always search through menus or the messenger app before knowing if my friends are online.
Will not stay open keeps going back to desk top
Cool
Facebook
Keeps freezes when I share a post or when I go to my page
Cannot click people's names and go to their profile. Also cant click tags etc. Nothing loads it just highlights it and when I let go nothing happens!
Naser ahmad
interesting  side
Omprakash Kumawat
cant enter password
e
Gax bisa di buka Facebook y
Ok
App is awesome
Used to work well,  but each update just makes it worse.  I use android 4.4 so it should be optimum,  but the app just will not load up data regularly anymore.  It is affecting apple devices too :(
Even its always keep on saying(isn't responding)...it still works good...i still like it...
123456
Cool,  loved it..
Excellent
Nice
Finally back to the way it was
I like Facebook
I like it is very fast browser and select the fb app
Good
The best fastest way to do any but the updates though hhmmm...its still great,everyone should get one
Good
A qui pura jente del ondeado
Offline feature.... terrific...
Good
Pictures, and stories don't want to appear. This is irritating.
I have completed the last update and surprise surprise, I click to open the app, it starts to open then crashes. Sort your crap out, you overpaid layabouts.
When I click on friends names or a page link, it goes no where and it is very frustrating...please fix ASAP!!!
plz provide us with the option of getting recent updates and top stories as like dat of desktop fb version
This was a good app but now I can't open groups very often I have to restart my phone and even that doesn't work all the time
Love it
It needs just a little improvement
I never write reviews for anything but this really got on my back. I can't do anything before the whole app just closes on me. I tired everything to help , but still no luck.
Facebook
I like fb app
Great
Like
Please allow us sending messages using this app. Thank you....
Face book is a medium to one to another
JakAa App....
its gd
Since the last update and things clearly don't work correct by the feedback on here.  Wonder how long it'll take to fix it. ....
I loved it..coz this is only way to expressed how I feel in every diff. mood...tsk
Good job.!!
Links open inside the Facebook app instead of in my browser? Not cool. Ask me if I'd like to try a feature, don't hijack my Web experience. Facebook does NOT know what is best for me.
I want to know why the fxck I'm required to download messenger to see my messages.
Cool
Loll
md rahman
Not bad
When I open my noti. And message icon force close and scrolling also my news feed. . Same hang and force close awhile ago...
After the last update i couldn't open it and still I can't open the app . I open it but then it takes me back to my home screem
Very slow. I can not open it  in my device. Samsung G 130 E
I have uploaded some pictures and it suddenly error!!! It says somebody tries to open my account n i have to open fb thru browser and asking id card confirmation.  Even i open thru browser it again happened when i try to upload pic and it required verification code all the time. Pls fix it!!
New update turns one- click Share post into a two-click share post. Guys, that is going backwards, & so did my rating.
New update contains bugs. Every time I scroll down to the same point on my newsfeed the app freezes and closes itself. Get it fixed pronto!
Keeps stopping
WoW
Recently its been crashing and its very annoying
I use dozens of apps on a daily basis. The only one that crashes consistently is Facebook. Come on, people in their garage are writing better apps. Let's put some of that IPO money into development.
New update sucks, I don't like the layout and it lags, disconnects and changes as you try to post,like or comment making me hate it . Uh the news feed is not ever right, so getting tired of trying to find stuff amongst other issues. Um give rollbacks to old updates and maybe I will rate higher Fix and give option for old version because this really bombed out again!
No tab for photos on profile anymore. Wtf.  Can't see pictures on note 3 and 4. But on website tab for photos is there
Don't enjoy the messenger, but it works.
For the last month it continuously crashes when I use my galaxy tab 3, but it works perfectly from my galaxy s4. Now it won't even open!! Quit with the unnecessary updates that are just making this app worse for the tablets!!!!
Update Is junk! I have the fastest phone on the planet the Galaxy Note 4 and nothing will load since the latest update.  This app is a piece of s*** I am already sick of Facebook keep it up and I will delete you forever this sucks!!
Since the latest update pictures will not load in the news feed or when I try to open them. Pictures are the best part of Facebook so without them, the app is useless.
I installed several times on this Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 and Facebook closes every time a click a notification or view comments.  I don't think this is an android thing but more very specific to this particular device.   I have Facebook on my Google Nexus 7 and Kindle Fire and they both work perfectly.   Please fix this please
Like my comment if it is
Anoyar Ali
Cool
Very nice
So good
The app was running smoothe until the update and now I can't even keep the app open long enough to read two statuses.
why i failed download fb?
InfoGraffix Phils. Like it.
c窣磐善陔鋒猁殿隙fbr衱赻蚥傿論醟狪皛藑萲傴僁瓊炬閥玥檠盂炸艘綎腔華源竭濛嶂諜堌偉撞衄稛意檀佽騫藉
Newest version
Can't open profiles when tapping on names since last update
Facebook

I love it
I get tired of reading the same posts over and over.  It just keeps repeating after a point and I see the same posts from the same people repeatedly in just one sitting.  Should be better than this!
Most recent stories mode restored. Much better. But most posts are still hidden.
No option to reply on comments...
it wont let me see no type of pictures
Very slow picrure loading. I tried to load it couple of times and the picture still couldnt show up.
It keeps giving me CPU ABI incompatible. Why. Please respond back.
I like this aap
Terrible...slow with the best of connections
Needs improvement
Kumar
I have like thousands of images in my mobile segregated in different folders. And when I want to share an old photo in Facebook I have to scroll down some thousands of images to upload what I want. Why can't we just select the images the way it appears in the mobile gallery? ? Can this be fixed?
can't turn off notifications in the account settings anymore, nor does it give me the option in the drop down of the post. I'm forced to go to the website and do it in desktop mode.
Lovely aaps
Why does Facebook make me install 2 apps just to use messenger? This app is slow to load and unnecessarily bulky. Terrible app that gets worse with every update.
Im used its time . very cool app
Uday
Nice
Life
Ds
It randomly refreshes itself after only scrolling for a few minutes, which has always been annoying but now it crashes ALL OF THE TIME! It's quite infuriating to say the least.
Hay
I should be able to check my msgs with one app not to facebook u suck
Nice
doppee
Facebook
Awesome ;)
Ever since the latest update this app is worthless on my tablet. Please fix it!
Yes indeed
Good
I have a gray screen and little arrow. It does other annoying things too, but not as. Help help!
Good app
I can't click on anyone's profiles or pages on my news feed. I have to so to search every time and type in names. Very annoying and aggregating
Very Feasible app
Its better than the browser.
I am having fun
Great app
Goodaap
This latest update hardy works. The app crashes right when you try to open it over half the time and sometimes you're lucky and it actually works. It really sucks now. Get your act together Facebook.
Last 2 updates just lock up razr maxx. Update, no longer have razor however now it's two apps (messenger) with force move, really?
I like facebook I thing is avery good
Usefullll
I always beforgetin my password lol
I cant delete it
It's all   about friends
Why did you change that? Undo it. I don't like having to find the post to turn off notifications. I should be able to change it when I go to the post from my notifications. I can't even turn them off through the settings which your app says I should do... Hint Hint you should update your tips when you update your app.
I don't like the New update, i can't open pages without it freezing
EXCELLENT 5 STAR
All recent feeds not seen instantly.
After the last update the pictures doesn't load even in full 3g network. Please fix it.
This helps me interact with my friends
Great
I've gone down this road and every word documented is to be dropped. Today has been the last day of diet drinks, all the other items mentioned.i desire to be healthiest  as possible.
Nice
my fb is faster than others.
Nice
Super
If i could have given 0 stars, i would have. The lastest update is complete crap. Wont load pictures on my newsfeed and it wont load peoples profiles. I have tried everything and nothing works. Why fix something when its not effing broken?! Will delete and never use or reccommend if this isn't fixed. Good day. I SAID GOOD DAY! Ugh!!!!
Good
Good
Awesome
I love u
Hate that you have to have another app just to send messages.

How long would we have to wait for this to be fixed??? Helloooo!!
nyc speed nyc very nys
Love it
App and Widget is poorly designed. Widget updates erratically. Too many issues with app
Facebook app keeps unresponding and I've been having to shut it off at least 10 times a day! Why can someone tell me how to fix. I've deleted it reinstalled it deleted me cache don't know what else to do!
It's gone from randomly closing to not opening at all now. As soon as i click on it and it goes to load my news feed it closes. Now resorted to using the mobile site. Crap!
Great!
Crash after one minute openning facebook or crash while scrolling down
Ggod
Every time I try to scroll through my news feed,the app randomly closes.
I'm not digging the new update. I liked the previous format where you could see notifications as a pop down menu from "most recent" or "top stories".  I have to keep hitting back to get to the main menu with this new format and it's seriously a hassle. That is my biggest complaint. If it ain't broke,  don't fix it! :) Thank you!
My apps
Love  it
Facebook
Notification on/off missing
Fix the bugs. Things won't load, like profile pics and pictures in my feed.
Awesome
When I click on the persons name or album it won't do anything. Won't take me to the album or take me to the persons page
Facebook quit working properly after the last update. Very frustrating.
5 STAR
****
Good
:* <3 ;) 8-)
I like it
Do not download the messenger app because the FBI watching all your messages
<3
x bleh nak download
fb used to be really good until the last update
Va
Poor
The app is overusing cpu and staining battery. Cleanmaster is constantly detecting Facebook app is causing cpu overheat. Please address this issue.
Yelp

for galaxy s5 it just strqight shuts us out
Singapure
It is great I love it
Ooo
Its a very good app. Just crashes every now and then..:/
Dipak Dipak Dipak Dipak Dipak Dipak Dipak
Have done two update and it's worse now than ever FIX THE APP. Samsung  Tab 3. 5th November and app is still not working
Whenever I try to log in, it takes a lot of time and it got stuck sometimes.....
Why i cannot chat without app facebook messenger! Plz fix it chat without app messenger and i will give u 5star thx before!
Love it good way to talk to your old friends
App
New update is horrible
Tidak bagus
It takes ages to load news feed and photos. So frustrating and disgusting.
I love facebook people link some funny video
It doesn't let me connect and it never works since new updates. I can't get in and it says it not working.
I like this
Anupom Gogoi
I love this app
Wont load on E1
Nice
Good app
Itis still to hard to use  I'am use the right pass wood I was lock out of my tablet
I cant get to anyones profile by clicking their name on my timeline, i have to type it in the search box instead. Sucks. Fix it.
Sick
It's very convenient
Lucky to get 1 star. It keeps dropping once you touch the screen. It has been like this for several weeks now since last update. WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO DOWNLOAD A FIX???????????????
It's really good
Cherries
I like this
Facebook was working fine for me until the update, now I can't like, or comment on anyone's posts, or pictures. The only option it is giving me is to share posts. I also can not post pictures on my time line. Please fix asap. My Facebook is useless right now.
Says with the update that you can turn notifications on/off which before the update I was able to do just fine but now the drop down arrow on all posts has disappeared when I get a new notifications and I can't manually go into settings and notifications and turn them off that way either. This is annoying! I have to use the mobile site to do that now. Fix it!!!
Facebook closes all the time suddenly
Why I cant download it!?
Cannot edit status posts or comments. What's up with that? And I severely dislike having to add a 2nd app just to accessories my fb inbox!  Why do I have to add more apps to get this to work properly?
Why you Facebook. Have to update this app so high. It's slow for my phone and I like the old version for Facebook. It was better that way. And please change this app. Again. Thanks.
I'll be sharing posts or pages n suddenly it stops working n takes forever to get bk on fb when its always stopping for no reason
This app is super fun u will enjoy ....
Everything is ok but one problem in this app is we cant copy a link or status...
It's decent but I'd rather have links from my new feed open up in my browser rather than through this weird Facebook browser.
I updated yesterday..and it keeps on closing....fixed it....
It takes a long time to load my news feed or any other thing-Samsung Vibrant
magarhsri
What happen to the turn off post notification features in the account settings? I also cannot edit any posts or change the privacy status. Fix it please!
I like it facebok
Facebook is doing better at giving people what they like
When I scrolling down my news feed facebook stops and closed every time.
Just terrible, you cannot force me to use another app for messaging, NO!!!!! uninstalling, I hope you idiots realize that you butchered Facebook!!!
Always crashes. Remove functionality and makes it slower.
Stop updating and changing things!!! I don't want every single notification on every single conversation!!!!!!!
I can't bring it up its kicking off!  Why???
Love it
Get rid of this stupid Facebook browser!
Tenjin
Warm fire
Having problem of keeping the program running. It will launch the program, but it will close itself after 4 secs all the time. Uninstalled and reinstalled the app but same thing. Tablet software up to date with android kitkat. Help! Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
always shut by it self,,
When ever you go on your page it got good texture
Takes forever to fuckin load
The latest update sucks..Facebook closes me out no sooner i get logged in..now it tells me there is something wrong with my phone number..fix it..
Good app
Good app, thanks
cool
Awesome app thanks
New update sucks. Pages won't load, it randomly closes pages and/or the whole app. Slower than ever! Worst update ever!
Good
Got new update wont load anymore 11-1-14
Nice application
The people with bad comments probably have bad internet
The new update TOTALLY SUCKS!! I can't search for friends without loosing my notifications bar. This is going downhill. I hate it!!!
Luv
Boo!
Life's very beautiful glasses model.
Mount
This app on my samsung tablet keeps shutting off every time i try to click on anything!!
Is good
It kept saying error confirming email!
Still sucks ...
Haydar
Hi
Good but Instagram is better
Doesn't load. Just a blue screen with a loading mask, saying "setting up Facebook". Even after 15 minutes. The beta version is the same. You should fire your QA team, if you have any.
Works but still needs a few upgrades because it freezes alot
Best android software
update shows just a black screen
I get to talk to all of my family members and my friends and i can meet new ones
I love facebook nothing change
Love it its a good book shmms hjufd htv kid change g chi by pic chi Pico off pct Ogilvy oovoo Bhai kik igggy in Bunyxton iconic buddyby hi u bubble mate Bobby iggy cyber chord skies
I loved this app until they required you to download another app to use their messenger. Also the app will turn on automatically and freeze your phone. I would delete it if I could!
Not good
I can't download it again

Its beautiful if This app have video call :) thank you
love
Still sucks.
.
Amazing so far
Facebook just runs in the backround and kills my battery
Good
Sucks
I like it
Ajay Bhardwaj
I don't understand why I can't adjust the newsfeed to most recent instead of top news. Or be able to switch between the two
Since update, nothing will load on my news feed overy wifi. Tried uninstalling, rebooting, fixing the wifi network bit nothing seems to work. App will only work across my mobile data network
Facebook will not let me share anything
ok
Fb
Dapat berhubung dgn rakan lama kembali
I do not like Facebook at all
N
This app has gone to crap from the first one. Now everyone in the world can get any information they want about anyone just through your email or phone number from using Facebook. What happened to privacy?
Hmm
Everytime I use Facebook on my tablet it will freeze then exit by itself,fix this.
I love Facebook
sardar
Ok now I can download the app but now it closes after 5 seconds....really?  I cant even log in. Im about to give up and use the browser..!

My app keeps closing
Ever since it updated my tablet I can not get this app to work. When are you going to fix it??????
It was so very slow...
Never really works the way I want it to
I m jubair Ahmed my wold pasward
Duck dubbin dybbuk such dubbin
"Computer is my best & best freind in my life!!!
I forgot there was a app so i can browse faster with app
Its great app and all if the features are great.
Fair social network
Thanks for taking away the notification bar when I'm on news feed. I have to physically go back to the notification bar to see updates, etc. Stop fixing what isn't broken!
Its cool
I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, since the last update, can't access FB without it shutting down after about 5 seconds, totally frustrated,  please fix this problem, have sent FB several complaints,  not sure if you even read any of them.
This app is so damn slow! At least three times a day I get messages saying it's unresponsive, I get flicked back to the top of the news feed all the time and not even half of my notifications show up.
Mark zuckerberg keep up the good work
Its a simple and easy app
BEAUTY
Cool app
The app is very good in terms of using but it constantly crashes during logout. I hope the developers rectify the problem soon.
I scroll down my newsfeed and then it suddenly goes off like the app shuts itself down! It's beyond annoying now
It my best facebook ..............
Im just installing Facebook
Facebook is no longer trustworthy. Too much spying, especially with this forced "messenger app". Argggh
Hi
Facebook
H
Its good but takes up memory to much like bruhh ∥∣↙↘↙↘∥∣↙↘↘∣∥∥∣↙
Every time i open the app, it stays open for almost 10 sec and then closes the app completely...
fb
Supppppeeeeerrrr
Not happy with Facebook now loading page in its own browser rather than allowing me to choose.
More on slow...

Since the last recent update Facebook is Extremely Slow don't like How It doesn't direct you to the browser anymore!!  The videos pictures and everything will not load for like 30 min if they even load at all it Sucks!!
Superb speed, Hd, evereything is good....
Good improvement. .....
This app sucks balls.....
This application is just horrible I can look at my notification without going so many times everything I refresh I don't see the top bar to press messages notification nothing fix this crap
Long live Facebook
Lags constantly, can't see photos or comments, use your browser instead
I wasn't on Facebook for a couple of hours and it deactivates me
Self Employed
Bad
This has been happening ever since the update it let's me on there for like 5 secs then it takes me to my home screen. Pls fix
Hate Facebook app works great
Ok
I can open face book and see my news feed, but as soon as I click notifications, comments, profiles etc. It'll crash
Every one loves facebook using facebook we can search new friends
I'm not interested in reading other thing's or people's stuff that pop up out of no where! I'm not happy with this update
This is app drain my battery on background!
Overall, this app provides you with a sufficient GUI in-order to interact with Facebook, but for some reason the newest the Facebook app along with Facebook's Messenger app are causing my Motorola Atrix HD to run extremely slow causing my device to experience both force closes and lock ups respectively.
I can't upload photos on my events I have to use my browser
Add a buitl in download video option like photos. It takes 73 mb of my phone storage.
gets froze up
I dislike It because it links into all of my personal items like my contacts/app history/ etc
Is anyone else not getting alerts on your statuses?
Just updated my phone and so far, none of the fb photos show up.  It's only been two hours... Maybe I'm not being patient enough.
Won't load any pictures . This is terrible.  Fix this . This new version is worthless.
Takes up too much space on my phone...
A great way to keep up with family friends things to by current avents and more and my beautiful  grandkids good stuff.

Having trouble keeping it working!
This app hasn't worked for some days now.it opens ok and then almost immediately closes back to my home page! Have uninstalled and re-installed twice but makes no difference.
Do they ever plan to fix this HORRIBLE app? It goes from bad to worse. I can be in the middle of reading something and all of a sudden it refreshes and goes to the updated stories. Just fix it!
Facebook
Too big size
Plss help to guide
Plss help to guide
Nice
Its ok I can see friend people and stuff but it doesn't load all the way if you can fix this I will rate 5 stars
Good app, but I'm having trouble logging in...
Keeps telling me it stopped and won't let me sign on
God is love
Isita
Its needs a update but its good
When playing videos fb crashes after watching the video
Very Nice
I love Facebook....keeping up with everyone and playing games. Thumbs up
Crashing
So Good
Boom
Fb
Super
Every time i open a video then it ends, it freezes and i got to press the home button and there will be a freezing photo into my home screen so i have to end the app and restart it again?! That's awful.
HTC Explorer A310 Slow catch files & Notification
It is a very nice social app we can use it without any doubt
I'm not sure if its the app or my phone but it freezes and my screen goes gray then I have to force my phone to shut off  or take my battery out. Also when I go to view previous comments it keeps showing the same comments over and over it also does that with my timelines
I love it
Solid app
It's a great app apparently but the only thing is u need messenger to text people if you fix I'll I'll rate it's 5 stars thank you
good
It will be good if there was an option to scroll down and up of news....
Very   very  halp  ful   app  i  love  this  app
It has its defects
Since the last update I am not able to open the app, it open and close after 2 seconds automatically...
Good for update on friends n enjoyble
Can't Click on Profiles
Love it
Because It Stops Sometimes
Sick of opening  the app and it scrolling  back to the begining. If i open a link and come back i loose where i am so annoying.
my service is worse than ever.. bug fix please?!
While on newsfeed, it won't click profile names to visit their page. Reset my phone, still happening.
Every since the update ,has been acting up
Ok
I can't access my messenger through my fb app, I have to go out and go through messenger app. Pain in the butt!
Can't log in
Love messenger with Facebook
My notifications/message/friend requests aren't showing at the top of the page anymore. The only time I see them is when I'm on the top story news feed. Every time I click on a notification I have to completely back out if the app to the top story news feed. It causes a delay when you're having.a conversation with people on a post. Or else have the post automaticly update as people comment so i don't have to hunt down the notification.
Fully sick ay lad
It is awesomeness
Why forcing us to install the facebook messanger its not useful pls take it back my wife mad at me :(
It sucks but I need it for family
Images doesn't load even if try many times and even if i have a 3g network
Thank
pakshet
What happened? Nothing loads. Speechless. I had to tap one star to rate you *0*.  Fix it.
Download
I can't survive without facebook
I love face book like yeeeeese girl girl be felling bawm
Needs so much more added to it.
Everyone loves facebook
Can't go a day without it !
works well again
Suuure
it's the worst version when will you fix this!?
Helpful
Won't let me update my profile picture. Keep getting an error message
Grate app
Now I can see up to 6 times the same post (even if I liked it or commented on it already) on "most recent" newsfeed. Meanwhile I miss RELEVANT posts from close friends cuz your algorithm decides I don't communicate enough with such or such person (close friends I see every day). That is when the app actually works... Facebook sucks balls, google + is taking over for the best.
Dulce
I luv it
Always freese
Since the last update, the app won't stay open for no more 5 seconds. Plse, fix it!
Uninstalled becaused it eats up a lot of my phone's memory even when in background... My phone is works faster now.
Best app ever !!!! :)
AWESOME
Kindly fix the bugses.....
The only good
Ok
Love it
You won't get any stars from me until you drastically reduce the file size. UPDATE-- Deleted App
Would be a great app if it actually played videos on my zte warp sequent 2
Like
Its a good way to interact with other
It doesn't download it keeps saying error 24
fb
Why must they move out messenger
Face
When I open it , it will load then shut down.
I love Facebook but it kept freezing and kept giving me ads and it got annoying
I like it

I have a samsung galaxy s4 and recently I have been experiencing the app just closing in the middle of me scrolling through Facebook. I've uninstalled the app, I have reinstalled it, I have restarted my phone and it is still not fixed. I will give it more stars when this issue is fixed.
When I click the name of people in my news feed, nothing happens. It doesn't take me to their page. I have to either go through my friends list or search for them.

So amazing apps that was invented.
Nice
I don't like the idea of messageing on a differnt app, i am not able to hear the tone of text
Thanks
It needs some improvement
I love it it's so good
This App Is So Good & Awesome
this update bogs down my phone and forget about opening Facebook. It won't even do that! I have to uninstall the updates to even use it
before anyone says it, yes... i know no one forced me to install this APP but just like FaceBook, the NSA and GCHQ do, i only ever use FaceBook to be able to SPY on other people to find out what they have been doing and with whom, where and when, look at their photo's plus find out whatever else i can about friends, neighbours and strangers but have any of you PROPERLY read the FaceBook and FaceBook messenger permissions that we are FORCED to agree to otherwise it won't install..??? installing either of them gives them access to EVERYTHING..! call logs, BOTH cameras, sim card info, names, numbers, addresses and photos of contacts, web history, current , past AND present GPS location plus ALL previous travel data via GPS, photo albums PLUS THE ABILITY TO RECORD AUDIO AND VIDEO 24/7 WITHOUT YOU KNOWING EVEN WHEN SWITCHED OFF. why do they require these permissions??? who can access it and what are they already, or will they do with it eh???  do a web search if you don't believe me..!
Decent app..  Just wish I didn't have to crop my photos so much when I set them as my profile..
I hate the new Facebook and the messenger system they have. It stop responding alot
We bus
Terrible every time I log in it logs me back out I have to keep loging in about 5 times before it actually works sort it out
At last- after 2 months of Facebook app not working due to previous 4.4.2 Android update- Google Play finally sent an update that actually worked. I am pleased to report that  Facebook is working absolutely great- no annoying   shutting down prematurely- it stays on so that I can actually use it- for as long as I want. Google- UR the best- thanks so much for the fix. Oh well- I guess I won't be returning this Samsung Tab 3 after all.  So great to be on Facebook again-  it actually stays on... it's about time!!
Hope video dwnlod option. :)
Yesssssss
Fcebooks alg
Facebook is not like how is used to be before
Constant crashing, Badly implemented chat plugin, never download this.
Hate it
Better and better
I love fb but it's always Flaw's on these up dates now I can't click on ppls profile it says error loading... Wat is going on fb? Please get it 2gether.
I love it
It's really annoying. When I keep scrolling down to go through my news feed, it keeps taking me back to the latest updates on the news feed. Was this app tested at all?
Better

Fix this app!!!! So horrible!!! Can't use it unless on the web version!
Thanks new update!! Less functional than ever you pieces of fuckin garbage
Cannot used at all.pls fix it.can't log in at all.
Why does Facebook stay running now. Use to turn off automatically.  Plus don't get notifications anymore unless online to get it......is this something new or is it the app?
First, they took away the messaging. What was the point of that? Second, the built in browser is horrible. Froze my phone. Had to remove the battery. I'll use the web based one from now on.
I was having problems with Facebook so I deleted it so I can reinstall it but now it's saying it's there but I can't find it. I am very frustrated.
It's the best
It have keep me in tuch with friends and make more friends thank u
Needs updated
I can not play my videos please fix
Good
And too many errors loading
Stops working everytime I want to log off. Closing the app and restarting it results in a permanent white screen. Bulls***! Fix it!
before anyone says it, yes... i know no one forced me to install this APP but just like FaceBook do, i only ever use it to be able to SPY on other people to find out what they have been doing and with whom, where and when, look at their photo's plus find out whatever else i can about friends, neighbours and strangers but have any of you PROPERLY read the FaceBook and FaceBook messenger permissions that we are FORCED to agree to otherwise it won't install..??? installing either of them gives them access to EVERYTHING..! call logs, BOTH cameras, sim card info, names, numbers, addresses and photos of contacts, web history, current , past AND present GPS location plus ALL previous travel data, photo albums PLUS THE ABILITY TO RECORD AUDIO AND VIDEO 24/7 WITHOUT YOU KNOWING EVEN WHEN SWITCHED OFF. why do they require these permissions??? who can access it and what are they already, or will they do with it eh???  do a web search if you don't believe me..!
What doyou
Mohebbi fard
Consume more and big data   :((
It is the best way of looking for someone. And it just is very good
It's awesome
Love it
Fb wanted me to verify my name n had me send a pic of my DLs.  to them...NOW I CAN'T LOGIN....HELP
Boringg
G
I can't keep it on long enough to read anything! It turns off and goes back to my screen on my Samsung notebook.
Bossy
Can't load links!
This app is da best EVER
Good
Network
The two complaints.... Did'nt download completely... And when looking at pictures it disappears, are true. I have also made comments on my cell phone (admittedly long ones. But SO what?) - all the more reason to be upset!) ...and when I go to another device, (or even back to it later on my cell phone). It's gone! I KNOW it was there. Because the person I wrote it to commented on it!
Biase jew
Keeps on force closing
You have to install an app to message remember when it was just one app
This is the slowest app ever :( it takes 15 min to open and sometimes it don't even open I delete it like 7 times and download it again still slow >:( fix it please I wanna talk to my friends :(
This app just keeps getting worse always closing down pictures never show up always updating but never goes anywhere just keeps loading and soooo slow it's never gets better please just don't download
I can't see my notifications while scrolling in Most Recent mode. Why? :(. This sucks!
The best thing
  ever happen, love it .
1 star until you guys come out with an update that doesn't crash before I can even do anything on the app. Then back to 5 stars.
Lilman
It is constantly resetting it's settings for video and the bandwidth it uses. Also likes to auto refresh when you turn that feature off. Also constantly trying to sync albums after it's told to NOT. Going back to news aggregate sites instead of this crap.
rapido
Its cool could be better
Epic
Pretty cool
Samsung pushed a system update that helped a lot
The app is laggy even though i am using it on a high end device.......the scrolling need to improve alot.... We need fluid performance and needs reliability aswell!!!
Wont let me post or share anything the app just closes down when I try.I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it just wont work properly please fix its most frustrating as it works perfectly on my samsung phone
The app after the update always hangs, what seems to be the problem
The update really is horrible it takes forever to load. I hadn't done an update just so this would not happen unfortunately it updated and now is awful.
It was such a nice app...
Works fine on my Samsung Galaxy S3, but keeps closing on my Samsung Tab 3 10inch.
Very frustrated...new update won't load pictures, profile pics, or really anything other than words and sometimes not even that! Uninstalled,  reinstalled,  and still  doesn't work. When will this be fixed??
Unnecessary datas has been collected and stored in device unable to clear it by using clear data it accumulates again even after logging out. Miss those SNAPTU days that app was useful with lots of other stuffs, this is crap.  uninstalled.
When the feed auto-updates, the scroll position jumps to the top. Has been doing this for a while now and is very annoying. Makes me lose my spot and so I just close FB, annoyed. Also, I do not see the option to download a photo to my phone anymore. :(
Cant install tge app
Good
Thay all good kids
When scrolling down my new feeds it kicks me out of Facebook
Fuq facebook
Ok
Mutia
It is good with getting in contact with a relative
Good apps
It won't even pass two minutes before I get kick out from my Facebook to my home screen,please fix this.
What happened Facebook?! What's the issue with not being able to upload photos/images in friend comments??  Fix the problem... You're dropping the ball!
Can't up load pics or vids
I may go back to MySpace
Thanks
Update suck.  Feed problem
Excellent
For a bizzare unknown reason it took a few attempts before installation process was even acknowledged, but has now been successfully installed and I can finally use the app that I cannot live without :)
Facebook
Won't let me download
Rubbish
ok lang
It crashes after 5 seconds and goes straight back to my homepage!  IPhone is looking better and better!!
It is nice and easy to use..
So nice.
Really now u ready need to fix it keeps kicking me off line and when i go to a friends page to c who they r following it don't show the update is horrible why not have it where we can change the color of our page and show our personality when people go to ur page they can c it but no u waste ur time on trash like this get it together fix it now or i wool let everyone know not to update

Pics on feed won't load. I have to go into app and force stop it so I can close it down properly, yet pics still aren't showing all the time....PLEASE FIX!!
Ansh
my only problem is the data it accumulates after using...its killing my internal memory!!! i don't like deleting the data and then do the Log In again and again Pfff... can you pls fix this...
hate the app since the obligation of Messenger app ...it's annoying
Love it
FB dropped the messaging function and forces you to download its heavy messenger app. The recent update re enables notifications if you've disabled them.


I can reconnect to old high school friends or childhood friends while making new friends. I am also apart of a growing social global media.
Does not open on my rooted nexus s on ics fix this or I'll never use this app again as other people make better Facebook apps
Didn't load news feed. Every time you do an update you screw it up..fix it
Its an amazing social app
Goooddd
I love and I'm enjoying changing conversation with some of my feuends ang specially my family.
It wont let me click on a profile on my news feed I have to search for them to be able to go on there time line
Still dire. You seem to insist on too many permissions, many are only needed for Home which I don't have. You insist on splitting things out instead of bundling together (messenger) but leave the icon still in the app - remove it if it's not available don't keep popping up when I get a message telling me it's no longer available. Finally you keep making most recent more and more inconvenient which is the main bit I'm interested in. Your close to bring uninstalled and I'll just use the mobile site instead!
Keeps crashing when u open the app
2 points because you force me to install Messenger
Ok  ....
I haven't been able to use this app on my samsung tab 3 for a long time.  I open the app, it loads up the facebook screen, shows the news feed for a fraction of a second, then shuts down the app without the opportunity to send an error report. On galaxy s4 phone, it auto refreshes while reading the news feed and puts me back to the top of the feed so i have to scroll back down through everything to try and find the post i was reading.
Sucks
I keep having to uninstall and reinstall this app. It will constantly go back to the last picture I was looking at and will just remain on that picture. Seems to have happened after the last update.
There's too many  problems with the app. I can't stay online longer than 2mins otherwise it logs off. I can't veiw any profiles or read status message. No notifications show. It's as if I don't have the app.
Best  for contract
I enjoy it, no problems!
Great app only takes two seconds to load if there were ten stars i would give this app it but only five
I Love this new  Facebook bitches
Goooood
Hii
I love facebook
I can soshllize with friends
No, facebook should not have its own browser. Get it away from me! And bring back storting by latest post.
Latest upgrades and fb just keeps crashing n won't open.. Needs fixing fast.
Safty and persinal communication
Its very slow...
This app is terrible.  It takes up entirely too much room on my phone, 100+ Mb are you kidding?  It crashes and locks up CONSTANTLY.  Not to mention how much it spies on you and your info.  I went back to using fb on my phones web browser.
Pictures, videos, never loads. Just awful! Used to work on my Samsung tablet. Doesnt now!
After reading all the reviews I was wary to do the update but I was pleasently surprised keep up the good work no problems whatsoever
Good app
Remove my name
Oh god know i love this! !
The app constantly freezes up and crashes on Samsung (Gal.tab 3), and I absolutely hate being forced to download and install the Facebook-Messenger App (a chapter in and of itself). Facebook gets an 'ok' for being absolutely addictive and very much a desired feature; however, I wish for something more simple and trustworthy.
Not impressed.  After last couple of updates the app crashes every time I open it. Please fix this on the next update
Facebook was good, but I started to hate it when it forced you to install messenger to look at your messages.
I hate facebook becouse you need to download messenger.OMG
I cant click on ppls names on my timline an pictures bearly load it is slower than ever please fix
lmbat pikap
Nothing is showing up on the screen. Very frustrated.
Everytime the newsfeed updates it goes back to the top. Stop this BS!!!
love booklikeface
Beautiful
This app is almost useless now on Samsung Galaxy Tab3 after last update. Constantly force closing.
I love it, very efficient.
I think it keep me busy and I like it  it's been after a long time I used it
Sucks
Amazingly
Loveing it
Havent been able to use it since it was updated. Nothing will load. Im stuck on the same newsfeed, cant click on anyone's page, cant do anything just stuck. I tried everything. Hopefully will be fixed soon
What was the point in that?! Now we can only see the same few day old posts from friends over and over again! And we still can't tag pages in statuses or posts - rubbish!!
Very very good
It keeps closing out on me! Shouldn't have updated! I have a S3. Please fix it!
It takes forever to load to change me status or pull up a picture and ever time i like it unlikes by its self and I hold so much memory i have to delete some stuff to get it
Bom
update sucks
Compoce
Kicks me off the app , doesnt let me share anything . Force closes all the time . Pease hurry up an fix .
Nothing special
Kutty kutty
AHMAD KABIR USMAN
Good
Doesn't load or refresh. This app has become trash, embarrassing that it had gotten worse over the years...
Crash's to much takes way to much space
(ITS BACK BEST UPDATE EVER ! ) "previous review" Omg what happened to the built in browser that was amazing, it used less battery life and also lowered the amount of apps I had open and cached
The app force closes every time i try to browse away from home screen on my galaxy tab3. Bug still not fixed! Useless!!!!
The best of all. Connecting with friends has never been easier. It has made my life joyful.
Malomadry
Good bueno
On my Samsung Tab 3 Facebook wants to crash for no reason. Quite sick of it. You have 1 month to fix it Mark! Earn the money!
Crashes alot.. please fix this. I can only be on facebook for 10seconds than it crashes and force closes.
sucks
I am not happy with this cause it won't let me download it and my phone is android
Facebook thabks for ur help
m'kay
Good
Bravo for this app. Thanks
Not so pas
Great app but really really wish you guys would make it so you when your tagged in pics you can see the comment and replies on comment! They get lost in comments! Never can I find it! Really frustrating!!! Otherwise would rate 5 stars
For everyone I don't like turning off the same person, and then doesn't work. Wish you put back the get notifications in the "friends" section on their FB site.
Woorild
Why do I need spam / advertisements for your crappy app? You are quickly destroying why people use to use this!!!
I can't tag friends, I can't click on their names and be taken to their profiles, and half the links I click on don't work.
Wooooooo
It said when I finished updating it error uninstall the previous copie  and it didn't let me do it
Faes book
Once you get down to about two days ago, it automatically takes me to the most recent. I should be able to take myself to the most recent in my news feed.
Last updated the worst please fix it.
Deh
Nice application
Still down loading ?
Jobing
Suddenly videos dont want to open....
Terrible update app now wont work closes after a few seconds will be deleting
Tacos
I like istagram more way more then this but I mean I guess
I love it i can check my messages and scroll my newsfeed great app
Suka
Very poor updates on the app for android.
Updated this a couple of days ago and now it chucks me out all the time. So wished I left it alone! FB sort it out
Your app will just freeze and say "unable to load your newsfeed". It is only an app problem because the browser will load the newsfeed.  I'm going back to using a browser.
Good
I'll like facebook
Okay I can't view ANY photos or watch any videos. Fix this.
Thid app is constantly closing down or crashing.  Very frustrating when trying to upload photos or update status as have to retry numerous times but usually give up out of frustration.  Using a Samsung tab 10.1
That's more like it.
Join
Going to have to keep it a 1 until it becomes easier to view most recent by default. EDIT-and now you can't even see notifications from Most Recent? Just terrible.
Before all of the new updates for Facebook, I used to be able to play videos directly from the app. Now it says "sorry an error occurred" Please fix, I know it's not my phone because I can still watch videos on my YouTube app.
I think this Facebook service is a such a great i get a sum and i enjoyed from this
Its pretty cool  but  i want to  put  pictures   but I  wait like an hour fix it
HATE it when this app decides to refresh the news feed while I'm scrolling down and starts me at the very top again and u lose my spot. Fix this.
A
Saudi arebiya
Stop trying to make top stories happen it's not going to happen
WHAT EVER!!!
The app need a new UI with the new Material Design of Android
I can't even download a lot of music being that the app takes up soo much space , please lower the mega bytes
Kiran
Don't like how it never shows recent stories and it's always saying no internet connection when I have full bars. And hate that you have to download the messenger just to read a message, completely stupid
-24 ERROR
Last night I downloaded the latest Android update for my Samsung Galaxy tablet, and this morning the problem I've had with Facebook crashing all the time seems to be no more. Was it an Android problem all along? Who knows? For now, I am cautiously optimistic.
Since update pics and vids wont load on my news feed properly. Frustrating and annoying! Please please fix, not worth keeping at the moment
Updates of Facebook keep making this app not worth it...when I updated my status it would say "near somewhere" but after 2 previous updates this hasn't been happening. And the idiots at Facebook dont even have a call center where u can reach them...
Good
That the app is eating too much RAM together with the Messenger and that is why it really sucks big time.
Having trouble with updating my relationship status
Blessed
Baaaaaaaaaaaad
App is hanging n too slow on samsung S3 mini.
everything in the homepage is stuck at just now while it is 3 hours ago
Need the option to save/download pics and videos
Poor form on removing the ability to private message and having to install fb messager to do so. What a stupid idea. Also Fb messager has even worse privacy controls and permissions. This new version of the app is also incredibly slow while browser version works fine.
I love love love it if I don't have this I'm .depressed crying ect I gotta have my fb
madaya
Crashes sometimes
Keeps me on touch.
Great app!! Its really fast, and easy searching.
I can talk to all my friends it's awesome!
Good
Constantly freezing up my phone. Have deleted it several times already.  This is the last chance.
Why after I turn auto refresh to never does it still auto refresh? I'll be reading some comments on a status and after reading it go back to my news feed only to be taken to the top of the news feed? Why can't you turn off notifications from a replied comment? Now you have to go to the original post to turn it off. This is beginning to get ridiculous.
Keeps kicking me out!!! Why???
Awesome
Ok
I have satisfied myself with my last update
Id like to be able to customize the privacy settings on posts. My laptop keyboard doesnt work all tje time so i usually have to post from my phone and then go edit the privacy settings on my computer and it would just be much easier to be able to get to the customizable privacy settings on the app
Apps
I don't know whats wrong but this app works like crap. I can never see the pictures that people posted because I see the circle arrow and after I click a few times it just shows me the comments. Honestly I love facebook.. but I hate how it does that.
Since latest update keeps freezing and keeps closing ... if it ain't broke it dont need fixing
I just updated this app and now I can't even open it. Waste of time.
Jaan
Smh
Like it
since the newest update... viewing comments and likes takes forever. everything is taking forever to load and I'm WiFi connected.
Communication is now easier. Linking with friends and love ones has become simpler with facebook. It's indeed a great social network.
Cant log in with the last update..Please fix that
I hope i can open youtube videos on this app or on YouTube app
Zara
I can't tag my friends like before. What a noob update.
I suggest to have translation in the application as it in tge website.
My toolbar at the top has disappeared on most recent and the bloody thing keeps crashing ! Yet again another update gone backwards ? Please sort it facebook 
Cepet banget
It doesn't let me log in
Subash kundu
Still getting used to using modern tech, face to face better.
good
Good
nice
Seriously? Every single time I finally get user to q change y'all change it again....why is there no notifi afikn bar? And the option to turn off notification is gone as well...how it was before was fine...y'all keep making it worse and worse...stop changing everything people like and work on the real issues!!
If it would stop freezing and closing out i will rate higher
Its always hang up...pls fix it
I can no longer "turn off notifications" on posts with multiple posts. I hate it because it clogs up my notifications!
Elaaaaa
Uses a large amount of RAM!
Works well.
Sucks
I dont get the post until a day later, im seeing everyone's post from yesterday, when I go to reload the page it acts like I dont have any new post to see other than from yesterday at 330.. what is up with that? It was working fine before the update..
Samsung Galaxy II - When updated (even uninstalled & reinstalled) you can't simply close out by hitting the back button until you're on your home screen anymore. It stays as a running app that you must use Task Manager to kill the task, then when going back to Facebook app later, you're either on the last thing you check with no way out or you're presented with a blue screen while it loads as if it were the 1st time use. My whole family has the same phone and we all are having the same issue. Please fix it the way it was!!!
Sort it out cant use it lucky to get a 2 sec view since update
How many more times do I have to ask you fix this problem?! Its so unrespectful of you guys!
It says waiting for network when i try to message people back
Its laggy
I like
Can't even get it to load onto the Galaxy S4
Nobody cares about 3 day old posts just show most recent a lot of us scroll to the last thing we saw before we got off so your system sucks on the app. I use the internet for the messenger not that stupid app.
It took me like 3hrs for the Facebook setting up . keeps on loading . please fix it up . thank you
Swat kpk
So good
There were times I can't use it well...
App automatically closes down within 5 seconds after opening.
Has too many bugs all the time.
Too addictive. Can be useful sometimes.
It would be 5 but we have to have a messenger for the messages it would be four but it won't let me go to my about settings
Not gng friend requests frm the facebook app
Bad
I hate it!!! It keeps crashing on me and says error...
Rubbish upgrade pitcures dont upload.slow.wished I'd never upgraded as have many.want to go back old version.
Give 0 if can. Cant do enithing frezz the page and crash
Could be better.
Its kinda lik ol timey party line except on audio  good deal
I love this app!
5star
Nice interface.
Added all my fb friends birthdays into my personal calendar. I can't delete, it didn't ask me to sync the info. SUCKS!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TO MESSENGER
When I try to upload a picture, the screen goes completely white. I have to exit out of FB completely, and retry it.
I recommend this app for everyone......
Still doesn't want to work with my Samsung galaxy note 3. Every time I open the app it randomly closes not letting me do anything with it. Been using Facebook through my Google Chrome
Thanks
The application has me log in every time I go out of the application. Settings are correct and I do not select the log out option. Please update the app!
Yeah
Because of your trolling permissions you get 1 star.
Ali tbark
Chummaaaa. .. oru rasam. ...
Since the most recent update, I can no longer click on names of people or groups that are tagged. What's the point in tagging someone or something if it doesn't link to their fb page? So frustrating!
This app sucks,gets worse every update. Totally not worth the hassle
I am lovin it
It keeps crashing on my iPhone...

Works good, but I hate that I can't view my msg's and  it keeps asking me to download the messenger.  No thanks!!
Facebook
Facebook
Why won't the app stay open? It boots me off anytime I try to scroll through my newsfeed. Please fix.
Pictures keep loading even on 3g network
Op
Good
Keep updating Facebook...almost got it lol. Maybe everyone should have stuck with the old MySpace huh? Lmao you suck Mark Suckerburger
Love fb
very very large :S
I Dont wanna download  messenger 2 talk xc
This Latest update is getting. hang .and its too slow.admin pls fix this
everytime I try and watch a video it doesn't work and all the pictures disapear

You will be scrolling way down the news feed and then the app decides it wants to update your feed without your permission. Next thing you know you are teleported way up near the top of the feed completely loosing your spot.
Whoop! ) love it.
Love it
Nothemba.i.lapi
its amazing all my friends enjoy this kind of apps most speciqlly me....keep it up...
The app only loads up and then immediately kicks me off to the home screen.
I don't like the top stories I want to see what people post in the order of time that it was posted, and when I use recent stories it doesn't have everything that my friends put up, instead I have to go back and scroll endlessly to see it on top stories. I never had a problem with this in older updates.
Like this product
As 1 has said i cant stay on here for more than 30 seconds and thats it the update is pants xxx
Good
Facebook
Garabsare
Boaring
Rajesh kumar
Nice app
Facebook
nice
Gudd thinking
Takes forever hate you fb
Will not stay open keeps kicking me back to menu this sucks I am unable to see any posts
You won't get any stars from me until you drastically reduce the file size. UPDATE-- Deleted App
Awesome!
Need an update soon
Sammy sideways
I love it...
Love
I like the opening links in the built in browser, can you guys add share functionality like Google Chrome?
The service is great, but when I sign you have trouble with my password. The password is the one I use ever since I went to Verizon and you keep telling me that it's wrong. That is my only password. You need to get this straightened out on your end.THANK YOU!!
U will enjoy this....
Not working
Paul nelson
Remove
Good
Facebook started to not work so i uninstalled it in the hope of reinstalling it to work ..... But  now to my dissapointment it wont install at all :(
Gooooood
Install

Very Less New News Feed Come After the Update...Totally Spioled The App
Can't stay logged in for more than a min. Then app just closes. Maybe you should stop changing things and just focus on making the existing app work.
Sk faizul
Won't display.
Needs to be more stable. But for most part it's good way to keep up
Pty
Why is the news feed all messed up? Top of the list is a post from yesterday with just one comment, also from yesterday. Further down is a post just 1 minute old. Why?
The new update has the app closing unexpectedly and even when it's not open, it interferes with my other apps and freezes them, error is that "fb app has quit" . It's so frustrating. Going to undownload permanently if not fixed.
Awesome update
It kicks me out! Not enjoying FB!!!
No
Force close everytime i go through my notifications
So good
Always crushing it sucks!
V nys Good1
I hope this is a mistake.
Why the newest change to "most recent" so that nothing else is accessible from the top bar? Completely unnecessary and irritating change. I hate that I often can't select or edit the custom privacy setting. Should be able to easily adjust the privacy settings of entire photo albums and multi select for simple deletion. Public profile photos is a general grievance too. Not to mention the, at best, amoral block/delete practices, you'd think FB was run by a bunch of gun toting, far right, misogynists..
Why does Facebook app on my S3 ALWAYS have to be running now? Since the last update it is always left running and as such drains the battery. Sort it out Facebook.
Zena Austria
It's amazing how much this app sucks it never works
Loved it coz thr is no new tab popup of ads
Latest updates sucks.  when scrolling through my time line none of the pictures are loading.
Hi
-2 Stars for making internal browser default, without asking me! -2 Stars for forcing me to install an other app to use chat, i'll close my account forever before I use that app.
Ever since the newest update whenever I am browsing through the " Most Recent" newsfeed I realized I can't access notifications unless I leave the Most Recent feed. This didn't use to be like that. I have to lose my place in browsing decent posts just to see what a notification is. This doesn't happen with your crappy out of order " News Feed" . An attempt to make us use that one perhaps? I'm unimpressed, makes me consider using the browser version over this increasingly horrible app.
Try to open app but wont open and when it does it closes within seconds.   Please fix the stability problem
I installed this app and when I want to enter the chat room then it forces me to install messenger which I do not want...HATE THIS FACEBOOK..its people's personal choice whether they want to install the messenger or not who are you to force...COMPLETELY SUCKS
When I looking news feed and I click a video then I go back and want to go down but its go for new news feed
Love
Nice
Awesome app. Frequent updates and splendid!!
:))

Una mierda com bugs
Nice....
F角ntastic
Nice
It is a pretty cool app other than it is obviously easy to hack I made one and I knew my password and email and I got a new phone and it went let me in it. Ink what happened.
Kicks me off after a few seconds on my samsung tablet. Has been for a little while. Works fine on my phone. Please fix!
Super
The app keeps closeing on me. After being on it for just a couple seconds.
fb becme worse!!!!log in problem...log out also problem....pliz solve this...n i will give u all star..
No god why sesion expair
Is still crap and never improves. Don't see how it has an overall rating of 4 when all the reviews I read are bad
Interesting
Sylvia. Zuniga rueda
j
It's cool
Enable a facility 2 turn off the notifications from tagged posts if we desire.! Thankyu!
Everytime i went on it, it said setting up facebook so i deleted it!!
Love it
Don't need an "app" to control my life let alone my phone!!!!!!
Manesh velikkakath thomas
Plz renew it bcz it is old version and also try to send updated version
Perfect place to make new friends  & share our views expressed .
Clicking on photos on news feed - wont't open them. Bug there.
Because Facebook have an sexy girls
Enjoy
Can't stay on Facebook for more than 15-30 seconds before getting kicked off! Wasn't always like this! Only since the update, Please fix this and put it back to normal! Never like the updates always something wrong with them 
Make my password to numbers? Plz
Worst
Will keep ever one posted how it works

Excellent!!!!........
Very good apps to keep in touch with ur near and dear ones
Great app!
No speed.hang.very boring
My Facebook is way better... Thank you guys
Slower than older version, crap
Excellent
Cannot get on unless I update the app daily. You need to fix the problems.
Fan and fastest
OH NAWR, IVE LOST MY FOOT!
Dosnt freeze n has great speed
Starting to hate this it won't let me stay on for 5 seconds and it kicks me out pls fix it
Since the newest update it keeps freezing my phone
Namo namo
Good
I despise this latest update. Every change you made visually is horrible.
Cant log in it says that some problem occur in it plz fix it if there was 0 star this would be for it many probs plzz fix
foul
Syncing everything, had to uninstall because of that!
Hate it
My app kicks me out every 30 seconds and I never get my notifications
Fb has auto sent friend request to my friends contacts this is very weird and  embracing to me
It will take all this time to download then get to 100% and say insignificant storage space but I have a ton of space
Why does it keep crashing I can't use it f more than a min n it goes off pls sort it out or I will move t google plus
Ari
loved it
Please fix it I updated now the app keeps crashing
I'm using the Samsung Galaxy tab 3 10.1, and my goodness does this app look bad. Compared to the ipad version, this requires a lot more work.  Not only that but everytime I open the app it continues to crash. Needs a major update, both the interface and crashing issues
Good
Loved it
Good
Fine
Bilal chuhan
New update won't open on my phone. Worked fine before now not at all.
Please fix it on tab 3 10.1 It closes every 10 seconds  I really can't use the app this update sucks....!
Reducing 2 star... 1. Now I can't move it on SD Card memory. 2. It force me to install messenger just to see my messages.
Nice
Needs improving. I should switch to iphone much better.
Love
Sylvia neal
Cool app. Must dnld
Keeps randomly closing for no reason. Please address this issue.
V nice
Fit chez hai yr
Is there any option to copy link,no?please add
My Facebook takes forever to load then only let's me read like two ppl from the news feed and then constantly blinks off. And I wish that you could check your other messages from either the messenger app or Facebook app instead of logging in on a computer. This is very annoying.

Good
You
U r so looser
Gr8 apps
Getting Better
Its easy to use...lyk it!!
I hve the Lg flex and I can't post pictures.... plz fix
Atfc
Why would you remove the option to stop receiving notifications after I post on a pic or comment? Am I missing something?
Would be great if slide to minimise the photo implemented like ios.  Better for one hand use too.
I don't understand other people's complaints. I haven't had any issues with the official Facebook application. Maybe buy a better phone? Lol
I have full service and it won't update news feed, let me see photos or comment on statuses. A cloud with a sad face pops up.
I can't even stay on for 10-20 seconds. As soon as I get on and it shows my news feed, it kicks me off.. doesn't say anything about force close it just start doing this today
Goid
Nice
Love it
Random photos won't load, links crash browser and YouTube app.
Cattle Drivee
This app is good
User friendly
Great
Good application
I like tht u could keep up with friends
Me
Slow to do anything, full of sponsored ads, and the news feed repeatedly shows the same things regardless of when they were posted. Have to manually go in and change what your looking at to show it in time order. Becoming more and more of a money grab and less about the social networking.
I can't look at anything on Facebook cause it keeps saying unable to load. Kicks me off!
It takes too much storage  u better remove it
I like talking to my friends and watching funny videos
Keep been booted when scrolling news feed.  Get so far down screen blacks out and takes me back to Samsung home screen. ....... been like this for over two weeks and getting really sick of it now.
Nice
Nicefb
Really helpful
V
Love it
Great
Samsung galaxy trend plus
Super
Download
Crashes all the time. Update: Now it's not that bad
But I don't know how to insert smileys while giving comment!!
Boldly
Nice lovely app
I can't unfollow posts I have commented on anymore PLEASE fix this!!
Video does not play in this version. The app gets closed when i click on any shares video in Facebook
It is the best i just absolutely love it
Crash in log out
Ok
Pretty good app but there's some features that needs to be better as the computers version..
Like
Suprb
I'm Very frustrated with the constant freezing of Facebook on my Android phone.
Isusumpa q  na  2ng  fb
I love it...
I love it
I've updated my phone and when it was done my Facebook app were no where to find. And now it don't want to download )':
Sky
An extraordinary site 4 connecting people we know
12345678
So I'm tagged in a pic. I want to stop it's notification but the NEW AND BETTER FB APP doesn't allow that. What a waste. Trash app.
Old version
uninstall please
I love very much
the app really needs improvements the updates makes the apps more worse and no sign of improvements
I like this app...
Its good
Gooooooooood
Ever since the last update this app haven't been working AT ALL.  Always freezes up , doesn't load properly. Deleting!
Nice
Why does the app close down by itself after 2-3 minutes???? Worked fine before the last update! Now i can't keep the app open!! FIX IT!!!
it is perfect
I loved it
Great job on consistently getting worse. Now I can't load profiles, crashes and force closes every 5 mins, can't see any friends posts no matter how I sort the feed, absolutely horrible. I'm praying for someone to knock you down a peg with a better site. Samsung s5
I looked through some of the reviews and noticed that most people don't like this app. My solution was to uninstall it and go through my web browser. Sorry
Excellent
Really now u ready need to fix it keeps kicking me off line and when i go to a friends page to c who they r following it don't show the update is horrible why not have it where we can change the color of our page and show our personality when people go to ur page they can c it but no u waste ur time on trash like this get it together
Very faster and smarter app in  leading among all

Gandu ju
Why won`t this app let me open it? I log on and it brings up the page then 2 seconds later it shuts off. Please fix this..
Nice
I can not select names or see profiles etc. After new update. Horrible.
Can't watch the videos on my newsfeed, app crashes constantly. I don't see any bug fixes, just more problems with the new update.
Amish
Mahi
Ok
Now after the update i cant see pictures posted by my f&f.!!! Extremely dissapointed
I just curious why I can not get my notifications in my phone . I Recive some but not all . Pls fix ASAP to Recive a better rating.
Facebook massenger is very best for share ur love and ideas etc
Hey
Please put all 3 of my facebook's together.
Loved it fb g8
Kedai makan
Works good on my galaxy s2 but still takes up way too much space.
Have no choice but to carry on using this app but can you please fix issue caused by latest update making it constantly appear in my active applications and using sometimes over 60mb of ram.
Great application
aplikasi nya menghabis kn ram
Could be btr
Great app!
Experiencing connectivity issues with the latest update. ...
Constant freezing. Has to be force quit and sometimes I even have to reset my phone to unfreeze it. Seems to randomly switch between versions when I look at different pages or posts. The only thing I like about it is the widget and the fact that it exists. It is horrible and 99% of my frustration with my otherwise awesome Droid Maxx.
Owsom
Hsider12345
After recent update most of the it show error while loading page. Internet is working fine but it keeps on showing this.
Love it
The app is great except it drained 50% of my battery within an hour and it wasn't even open the whole time and its a new phone!
No notifications for message
I don't have any complaints 
NEW UPDATE SUCKS
Why it doesn't edit?
Great app can't complain
omg i love this facebook app i am glad that mark created it
It is a good application
Constantly crashes now
Fix the bugs  then i'll give you five stars
Balajicharya
Removing the option of unfollowing (turning off) the posts is insane!
Wont let me stay on for more than 30 sec.  Wth?? I start scrolling in the news feed and after 4 or 5 it kicks me off back to homescreen on phone
Im using it and keeps on crashing
Ki
Superior
It is not fast  in Samsung tab
luvly
Ramgurung522@. Com
Nonkululeko
Hot
Kurang memuaskan
BBC
Eow
Social media
Fb
When we open pics from wall, it is getting closed automatically
Jebarani
Facebook
Gud for timpass
after the latest update of my Facebook, alot of link cant be open,even friend timeline keep showing "error loading stories"....!! what happen...?!!
Bloody cheat... Wasted my 24 mb behind this waste app... Not able to login... Saying connection error... What connection error man having 400 - 500 kbps speed and not logging in... Waste don't download
I don't like how I'm reading statuses from three days ago I've already seen those. Please fix that problem. Thanks
Average
Love  it vrry informative
I like browsing through fb much better using opera or chrome and it really annoys me when it prompts me to install this app. I did, I tried and found that with such app browsing through fb is slower and it sometimes crushes.
Good
Rk123456789
Facebook
Good
When i login in .it keeps saying just a moment,after a couple of seconds it quits through my App Section Window!please Fix this,,!!!!
the new look is nice but getting slower.
You don't need access to my private info or my camera and you certainly don't need ur app running constantly in the background of my phone. Spying on me and running down my battery.  FIX IMMEDIATELY!
This is fcking annoying. I hate it. Not working well!
I hate this new update..
Ok you guys need to put the turn notifications option back on for post that i comment on its annoying to get every notification c'mon
Please make it more stable and improve kinetic scrolling of the app and also change it to material design....samsung galaxy s duos 2 learn something from twitter they have made their app incredibly smooth like butter....
It wont even open
I like it very much...:-D:-D:-):-)
Like everyone else, I am also having issues. Thought it was my phone, but it is the app. Logs off, freezes, doesn't let me post etc.
Fuckyou
Otherwise it is ok.
Very good ness
Not opening in my galaxy s2
sticker comments... i want more new...lop it
It definitely improved thanks very much.....
Should have left it alone. Don't want the extra app,besides it's too huge for phones internal memory! An app should not mandate another app to complete the job it was doing fine with before. Now myself and others, in the same boat, are stuck outside the loop with communication; and now have message icons we can not read nor get rid of.
Why is facebook not responding?
It never quit on me
I loved it
Scotty
Ok
Eats battery
Why keep updating if its not broken why oh why do you keep messing around with it..LEAVE IT BE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hii
AIICO
The latest update is not good. Where is the speed and reliability?
facebook is good i like
Very good
Face book
We have our own apps and browsers. You are breaking android functionality by making links open in yours. I don't want your browser app to play youtube videos,I want the youtube app.
T
I'm greatful that i always use this app. :)
Super
Profiles are not loading and pictures on my friends pages are not loading either.
So bad app for alcatel one touch n I can't uninstall
not good
This app need some fixing i can't stay an fb for more than 10 minutes
Its fast but pages will be reloded symontanusly
Nice
Consumes more ram

New update means I try load Facebook up and all I get is a flashing screen. Very annoying.
Just for fun
It is ok last tym but now why when im open this application within 2 seconds automatic shutdown
Love itttttt
It won't load posts and comments when I have internet. It won't tell me when I have notifications. Better off using the website.
Baek
Messenger doesn't seem to work with galaxy s4 after update.
AZMI
Since latest update, can't share posts!
Singapore
Im diskling what's going on. Each time I go to open the dcreen just flashes black and white... this has been going on for two weeks now. Fix!!!!!
These past two updates have made things worse. I get a blank screen if I try to open the app. My phone has shutdown once. Also the app. continues to run in the background and that has never been a problem before the last two updates.
I get kicked out every time I tried to see my friend's time line
Lol what a pos
rahman 1
1365
Facebook never works anymore.
Very slow. Takes a while to load.pictures. Has been rubbish since update
Nice app!!
I can't open app without it closing within 5 seconds...please fix it. Thank you!!!
Like
Don't get it
Its Getting better.
Facebook
Great reviews and good friends
5 star
CLoses after 15 seconds and shows errow loading on time line
Very poor
Fabulous
Very slow always freezing up hard to control
Great awesome.
I love this
Ok
Keeps crashing. Need fixed!
The Offline Media is not work
I want to see most recent post on my main news feed screen. Not post from halloween
Every time there is an up date something gose Wong pic and videos won't up load and take several times trying and not loading messages or my time line or my news feeds takes ages it dose it wheb im on WiFi and mobile internet and getting fed up of it
This is my best place to catch my friends and this is where i spend most of my time
I use the Facebook app all the time on my phone and it's fine, but when I've downloaded it to my Galaxy tab 3 it goes blank and exits the app when I go onto my profile. Does anyone else have this problem??
Some times i was unhappy for this app was take lot of phone memory space and this app was not move to sd card.so pls fix it this problem then Igive five 5∴∴∴∴∴
I love this app I see hidden things about people on my friend list
Faceboook
God's Child
Irani Sen
I love it fb
I love it I have it on the go
very good
Excellent
Ty
I like it
put back the older version it' better than this＃
ok
Amazing
As soon as I open it it shuts right off!  Help!!!!!
Awesome
Down grade, it's better. Can't read comments and countless reloads equals nothing. Removed app from one device. If a file so large doesn't work, why keep it there?
Good
I love it.
The update is great!! It makes you get messenger, but messenger is really useful!
Chatting
Fast internet connection :-)
This new update is awful. When I'm scrolling post on my timeline it crash.
I like it
No comment
Facebook
It's very fun to play with.
Soooooo bad
Now facebook have Alot of people was reported by someone. And my page was reported by someone ...... Please fix...
without messaging, why use this over the web version? uninstalled, done.
Bugs bugs bugs
Good
Really great apps.
Don't like that it wants to sync all my apps with it. Need to be able to change like to dislike when you posted on a page you don't agree with.
Nice
Jj
Poor
I have installed and uninstalled this app and since a new update I cannot even sign in without it closing on its on! I need this fixed since I have many contacts stored. HELP!
Cool app
Loved it
have had to uninstall it due to errors all the time and now it wont let me re-install
Facebook always hang and always crash!  Fix it plsssss
Why do we need measanger why cant we just chat on face book i hate going back and forward
Its good
So far so good
I like it
I love facebook
Will not load and keeps coming up Facebook isn't responding...... PLEASE FIX ALREADY
Fixed the photo aren't opening
Love it..but can use it a little while afterward click on link need to choose external browser..alrdy set option to off..no function..pls check..
This is ideal for a larger interface device, so far.  Can't wait for updates and more options but I will not load the messanger.
I was able to play videos before the update again.... Please sort it!!!!!
I have to continuously force close it and it's so slow
Can't find my facebook..where it is?
Itz great, all de tym hit
First I thought it was just a bad download. But after 3 installs and uninstalls, this app won't even start at all. Bad update.
SLOW!
Its my world friend...
For an older version...
A fee king
For some reason always have to close Facebook even after exiting app it never done this before so why start now
Lots of things ....every week there's an update wtf
It takes a lot of time to load and then redirect me at the main menu . .
best
Taufeeq khan 
(facebook name)
Keeps kicking me out with in seconds of opening. Fix this!!!!!!!!!!!!! Or undo the update since its obvious it doesn't work!
Couldnt like status and sometimes it took long for notifications to pop up...This social media app is widely used and am not convinced with it.No problem when using on PC but why there is on smartphone
(Y)
Good
chan
hated
I dont know how to post my videos
Friends
Thanks
Finally I found an application that suites to my phone so that's why I love it <3
I like this app
Good conceft and good comunite .good reliationship.
Plzz..Don't force to install messenger
Nice Very nice
Except I am updating now an i better not screw up.  It has been frustrating figuring out the last few updates.  What drives me crazy is the app not returning to the place I was after clicking on a link.  I want to come back to the place I was when I clicked on the link not back to the very first!  What a waste of time!
For the last month or so I can't use the app for more than 5 or 10 seconds
Liking is the best
Good
My likes do not open you have to search for them then you can see their page. Since last update
Ummmmmmaaaa
Since i update my facebook, my  smartphone battery easily drained!!
Love it
i can't see recent post.i only get to need feeds and there from a week ago.horrible app! Facebook need to really get on top of this or i can see Facebook fading off like allot of other apps.
Suprb
Battle to open some pages and often cant log out.
I cannot go to the wall of my friends when i tapped their names and to whom they with instead i need to tap their pictures...pls fix this problem i think for the note 4 only?
Cool
Duh love it just wish messaging wasn't a separate app
Facebook Used To Be The Best App. I Still Love Facebook But I Dont Like The app Itself All The New Updates Is Making It Go Down Hill
Hi Jan.
After the last update all the videos in my news page start playing by themselfs... Why?
Have to force close every time.  Is this the best fb can do, really? Seems like some of these app developers are going backwards!
Bad app
1* for tablet. Just kicks you out after about 30 seconds all the time. Works fine on phone. Please sort for tablet. Tried installing again 15/10/2014. Fix this piece of crap it is bloody awful still not fixed 04/11/2014
Only took months to fix the problem of auto closing on samsung tab. Thanks
Nc
Apps
Doesn't stay open long enough to use it since upgrade to kitkat. Don't dare try to look at comments or a picture! Because it wont let you!  Updated 11.4.14 will now not stay open for more than a few seconds, then closes. Before this update it would stay open till you tried to do something but scroll,  now you can't even scroll!
Facebook
ayaw ma doenloas.
Can't scroll down my timeline. I get kicked off!!! Fix this
Its a great better way to use fb instead of useing my browser
Mines froze a lot so i had to uninstall it and then install it again
i give 0 star but 0 star is not available
Facebook
When i open facebook, it will automatically go back to the home screen. Please fix. I can't check my fb for weeks.
Goooodddd
Vhio
It is not useful for students
Really? Really guys? I mean, really? You should stop pretending you're developers and recycle in something you actually can do... I can't fly a plane, you don't see me try then tell people "Look I can fly a plane. I crash it every time tho." And I have an xperia Z1 so it's not because my phone is old, it's you that can't make an app properly. STOP TRYING! You guys fuck*ng suck.
Sometimes it not respondes properly........................
I like a lot of the new features but now it force closes all the time. This review doesn't really matter though because they always fall on deaf ears.
Supeerb
Nice app to have
Why do I have to keep seeing the same things over and over and not seeing so many other posts. This has gotten really annoying
Kinda cool but beware of stalkers lol
It keeps booting me out, can't do anything.
Hasn't worked at all on HTC one for the past two weeks. NEEDS FIXING!!
Keeps sayin session has ended and logs me out...... now use Facebook through Internet!!!!
I hope u can read this..because after updating this fb app all of my apps become unable to run properly.. I mean i get the lag all the time..and when i started to uninstall this app all become well and smooth... I hope u can fix this
Users best
Fourth
New update is a pos
Won't go back to fb after viewing a link, sharing takes forever to load, uploading more then 6 photos takes a long time, app constantly crashes
Goooooooood
This messenger using so i like this
Love facebook
It lets you stay in contact with people
Daebak
Maheshpoto
After this update it was a pain to use facebook.fix it up people...
Since I have updated my app it will not load anything.
Its helpful .. but icant download it !
i like it very nice
It awesome get to talk to a lot of friends and communicate they should add somwting like a facetime camera
Loved it
Won't load any pictures in my news feed and then randomly shuts my phone off and restarts it!
Always crash!!! Fix it!
Having some issues with photos loading (on news feed and clicking on them). Also, is there a way to be able to check your "Other Mailbox" through messenger or the app?
Clicking on pages or names won't load- note 4
Face book
V good
This app is heinous! A pain in the derriere!!!! I try to click on a post in news feed and the app always closes itself!!! WTH are you guys doing to this app??? You may have this notion that your making it better....Wrong! I deleted it from my phone, it sucked there and took up way to much space and now I am trying to use it on a tablet!!!! May have to just delete it altogether!
Good

The new update runs all the time unless forced to stop.  Will not let my phone unlock while running.  Drains the battery.   Horrible.
Super
I like it
Cant load news fed, takes it time loading pictures, just not working the same
Not opening!
Let me start out by saying that this is a great app. It looks good and its very user friendly. BUT... The permissions that the app requires to be able to download are ridiculous. They even have the power to make changes on my phone. I'm not down with that. Tone the required permissions down and I would easily give this app a 5.
A
Update????  I last 1-2 secs and then it shuts down
I can't download it properly. What's wrong with this. Argh.
Since the latest update, the application will not stay open
Please fix it when i scroll down for posts it automatically closes also when i press comments
Khuram kashmiri    nice
Down loaded latest update for my Acer with Kit Kat expecting fixes. App is worse than before. Can not "click" to other people now screen goes blank then crashes!!! Waiting for fix!!!
Since the last update Facebook has been crashing right after I log in. I don't know what you guys did, but please undo it. Appreciate it.
This new update does not let me add new friends...it gives me a mesage that the action is deemed abusive!! And it blocks me...please help
Keeps crashing - been like this for a couple weeks. Please sort it
Earlier update was very good.
What's wrong? The app is very very sluggish.. Can't even scroll thru my news feed.. Fix this
Most of time stop responding
Its so helpfull
Nice app. Now I can chat my mom
Nyc
The newly updated version of facebook is worse.. :( 
Its propably the best way to comunicate with others around the world..
Like
shapla
P谷sima actualizaci車n!
It is getting sucked i can't stick to it more than 5minutes.
Aside timeline issues where you present posts from ages ago (you should really listen to your users). I can't open app on my phone from my Android Wear anymore (Moto 360). Also, what's the deal with YouTube videos? We can't watch them from the YouTube app anymore??? Tried clearing defaults in both apps and videos still open in ugly and choppy Facebook interface! Awful!
Verver like it
Can't see my pics
Hate messenger
So good
It works ok.
Awesome
Should be there massage tab in this apps
I enjoy it
White screen always hard to open take a few mins. Plss fix this
Yeah ! Its very good app Download now this
Most admirable
enjoy
Bindas
Why can't my vedios load....
But, its too slow..  :/
It's must have a prblm and Facebook had to fix it it's browsing is not soo good

Thanx to fb
Since the last update, Facebook has become deadbook!! I'm never able to see the latest on my news feed, always gives an error. And even if after a million tries of refreshing, it does show some news feed I can't see any pics! This is utter crap! You're lucky I have to give at least 1 star. Fix this for the love of God or I would be forced to uninstall it and would rather open it in a browser!! It's become an utterly useless piece of junk!!!
Best
Not working!
Latest update does now allow me to tap on someone's name in my news feed and bring me to their page. Been over a week and no update??? And it's still really annoying that I have to access my messages thru my browser. I am not downloading messenger why do I need 2 apps? Fix fix fix
Thanks
Can't open it. It says i need to upgrade it to latest version..how?
Hlo
Very nice
The new design is way muc cooler.. Keep up the good work guyzz @facebookteam Would be more easy 2 uz if it consumed less ram.. Thnxx fa th app !!
Keeps crashing out on my samsung tablet.  Drives me nuts....upgrade from 'annoying' to abysmal.  Unusable on Samsung tablets.
Miss me 'most recent' option on news feed
*****
Every time  my account is deactivated from this the 2nd how can I go through and reback it
Iwanttosendthisphoto
Works to a certain point. Not the best application though and stores too much data.
awesome this
Uk
Samsung S 7562
Its nt dwnldng nd shwng n error. For inbx msgs messngr shud nt b necesry
Nice app

Great, now YouTube links open in some crap Facebook YouTube player instead of the YouTube app. Get a clue Facebook
The app tends to update postings and auto-scroll to the newest while you're reading. Its frustrating to be 40+ posts in, then have the app scroll itself to the top to show you a new advertisement. Then its impossible to find your place again because the app has rearranged and removed some of the existing posts
Worst app ever. I hate in built browser
Keeps getting close as soon as u try n play any video
170959 Mdyasin
Nice app
Awesome
Woow fantastic
chat&video
Since the latest update I keep getting an 'error loading' message when viewing my news feed. I have to reload it several times each time I use fb on my Samsung galaxy s3. Very annoying.
why i cant use a emoji???when i post a status with a emoji the emoji already gone
Very 9ce
Cool
Very long time to download
.
Yes
Super
Cool
Loving it....
Music vid
V nys Good1
Cool

Excellent
Rajarajan
Very nice
Installed it for the 4th time today!! Keeps on kicking me out after a few seconds waste of time and data!
Even on high speed WiFi this app sometimes doesn't display images. Cancels uploads or hangs them, sometimes I cannot comment on something. Just doesn't work. Fix please
The best think i m use
Qwerty
Good
ICON ON facebook DOESNOT GO EVEN AFTER WE READ MESSAGES & notifications
Gooooooooood
Con las ultimas actualizaciones la app no se cierra cada vez que le doy la tecla atr芍s como era antes. En lugar de eso queda ahi abierta como si estuviera en segundo plano. Eso consume mucha bateria. Arreglen eso por favor
It's okay for now..
It work great for me.
Face book
Awesome

Facebook
Awesome
Hi
Viond Soni
Crashes more often than last version.. horrible updates..
My mum cant access her fb keeps sayin her email or password wrong terrible
It will not let me refresh my feed....
Its good.
Like it
Whats wrong
Exellent..
When i download this facebook and it's taking 3 months after it says i will login again . But if i login it won't be login ..
"Ladki bachao to ladka bachega" nahito. 'ladki nahito ladka bhi nahi' "big boyenige to pooda aayega' 'pooda aayega to peda banega' 'peda banke fooul khilenige' 'fooul khilato fal milega' 'fal milato ladki khayegi or ladka hoga" !!
Good
I'm loving it :)
I think not, sadly. With each update I hope for improvement only to be disappointed. App closes randomly, hard to browse because it closes or doesn't respond. :(  I have uninstalled and reinstalled it's worse if that's possible. Pity you can't give a minus score. Super bad.
Love
freezes up
I am very disappointed since the last couple of updates I kept getting kicked off after a few seconds and it won't load anything profiles, pictures, time line nothing please fix it.
Connections with others
Nice
Lacin041
Please help -i can't stay on facebook more that 15-30 sec and i get kicked off !!!
Good for me
Keeps crashing after 5 seconds. This makes me sad :(
Use the material designed button on the bottom to add post and long press for options to add photos etc
Goooooood
In samsung mega 12.2 it doesn't download
Y

I LOVE MY JAANU MS
I like it
Half of the time when I'm on wifi nothing will load or update. Don't know if it is just me or an actual glitch
Hi chandio
Waiting for nxt updates
wtf, to many receivers and services for this app!
It keeps the app slower and when I open the link in Google Chrome and go back to Facebook, I am in the beginning of my feed again u.u
Updates needed....
awsome
I love how when I get down on my news feed it automatically refreshes and takes me back to the top....said no one ever! Fix it! And how come I can be in the app and not see the same things as on my browser? Why does facebook think it can pick what is important for me to see?
App closes about 10 seconds after i open it, it's useless at the moment!
Disaster!  After the last update, Facebook app eats my whole ram up and heats up my phone very fast. Please fix ASAP.
Why on iOS custom privacy can be edited anytime and anyhow, while on Android (tablet and phone apps) this can't be done at all? I have to use the mobile site to do it..
Happxw
Awsome app
Nice
Aditya thapa
I cant upload pictures anymore....why ohhh why?
Great app...
Nice interface and attractive graphics.... Easy conversation..
Nice
Nice
I cant download it anymore!!
Now this app becomming thrash ....there is no option for untag in pic...
I like this application ,the best.
Fikrr
I love to whats people's opinion about issues worldwide
Lol
simple
Good one
Excellent
Nice app
Keep crashing on my gly tab 3 plz fix it
Li
Jmaaaa attttt app
Great as always...
Since the last update..I cant turn off notifications from posts...the little triangle or arrow shape that used to be in the right top of the post is gone...plz fix this
Very nice.....
Loving this app .... Super err
Since I did the last update for this app I've had nothing but problems and it needs fixing I'm using a Samsung galaxy s4
I love it
It keeps closing when I open the app.
Very nice
can't load photo in news feed.
Great tool too talk to your friends
The new update makes it so that the top screen options of news feed, messages and notifications vanish anytime a post, profile or link is clicked. Very unintuitive and a step backwards in terms of the progress the FB app has made, I believe
It takes like forever to upload pictures in fb the latest update is pathetic..... Please fix this fast... Its gone extremely slow
New update sucks..
sayedali
Gud app
facebook is a must for today virtual living activitiea
Laxminarayanagowda
BUT VERY SLOW..
It's,good
Face book
Facebook
Good
Hate it
doesnt even deserve 1 star. totally sucks. too much memory and closes itself without any reason. DELETED
Sip
Like
I like it very much
Ronnielagarde77 Facebook is good but when they start charging honey I'm going to close my account
After the recent update, my facebook doesn't stay up for more than 5 seconds. PLEASE FIX!
Ttttttaaaaatttttttaaaaannnnnn
Goood
Every time I open up Facebook, It always logging.. And I can't log out my account. Pls fix it.. It gives my phone too much bugs. Thank you.
I have used it since the beginning and so far this release seems the most stable
Bored of this classic blue Facebook. Want something new. Themes or colors changer will get you much more users.
Facebook
This is very important
I constantly go between the app and using the phone's browser.  I'm not really happy with either.  They both feel cumbersome, and annoy me.  I also just really hate how the order randomly switches between current and popular posts.
Good
Shafin
Awsome
very good n i like this
It could be better if you can download a picture in this app already
Not bad.
Inter sharing app
New updates are even worse than previous ones...
Ramai yang lihat n ada ikhlan n boleh membuat carian
Had to uninstall it and reinstall it! As it wouldn't even open... Rubbish
Nice one
Really bad, mine crash in the second that i log in
Facebook
can't. get in
Where is option for turning off notifications on reactions in a thread??????
Nice
Super
Nice
Nice video calling required
Top stories and most recent are the same. Once again being dictated to by Facebook as to what we should be looking at rather than the post from friends I actually want to see! Think it's time to delete as this app gets worse with every update.
AFTER NEW UPDATE I CAN'T OPEN MY FACEBOOK APP,Please FIXED IT now??
Haven't used it yet
Awesome
I like the time frame it takes to load and upload super
Very nice for me
Awesome
Cool
I cant download this app i dont know why please fix it then if you fix it i will give this app 5 stars i promise
Pls be fix soon pls cause it still takes to much space in my memory pls be fix soon :(
FaceBook*****!!) Is A Very Fantastic App!!)
An erorr comes up almost all the time.cannot update status either
Nothing new
1) Recent Feeds option should be visible at the top menu, and not hidden inside options tab! 2) the app doesnt close on back... it stays in the memory... this is bad...
Can't  download this version
Good
Facebook is good
Malesiya
Thank you =]
I'd be more than willing to do it again.
Only 1 star coz 0 star not possible The last update, probably few days back totally sucks. It takes infinite time to login. and if we exit & open FB again it says 'Service Exception: ORCA_SERVICE_IPC_FAILURE' & says to login again. if by chance i login i can hardly stay online for few seconds & i'am automatically logged out. Pl fix it or am uninstalling it & also recommending all my frnds to do so... There are many more problems like it has started lagging to much instead of what you said that the new update will have 'Improvements for reliability and speed'.... pl fix all this
See all
could have been good, until it forced me to install facebook messenger, which most of the time doesnt work.
Error....
I liked it very much
Facebook videos is not working ...... Watfu
Why is it when im on desktop, i can customize who i want to share my post in, but in the app i cant! Can u put it in the app too!
You know this app is very important application for me !!
After the latest update I get a lot of loading errors. And every post flags as seen being uploaded 'just now'. I believe that the continued, unnecessary updates, have ruined Facebook.
Keep copying twitter..... Remember one thing, you're not twitter! Sad that can't give a blank rating..... Where is the zero star option in Google play
People
<3
awesome
Wow. I love this social media
Tons better since the update, no longer a painful experience! It's about time! It would nice to be able be more specific of whom you want to see your status update, mostly whom you don't want to see your posts
The updates are supposed to address improvements and "fixes". This update makes Facebook completely worthless.
Ts quick n easy-to-use
Apparently my isn't up to date enough to have Facebook.. yeah no
Lovely
Smtn must av gone wrong wit facebk...y alway quiting me after just 15-20mins? It always goes off n restart again. Pls fix this n serve us better.
shohag oman
Ok
Drains all the battery in just minutes please fix
Beautiful
Cant make comments, cant like. Shuts down app each time. Using samsung tablet. The worse!!!!!!!!!
Love Facebook
Good app
Hafiz abdulmalik
I  I install this apps . My hand phone is too slow... Please fix the problem.
I love it
I can't view my picture and i recieved this message ..FACEBOOK IS NOT RESPONDING .DO YOU WANT TO CLOSE IT? Pls.fix the problem...tnx
扑
All people like
I love this app
LIKE :)
Wish Facebook be upgrade
okay
Couldn't load photos on Samsung Note 2 after update
24 + 15 = 39. That's how many megs worth of space I have to give up just so I can use all of Facebook now. So my voting's because Facebook app no longer has inbox. Hate that fact.
I cant even log in tis apps anymore..
Good
Facebook is forevar
Shiralkar
The newsfeed is always in trouble
Suck!!
Ani
After using fb i usually go out without logging out so that logging in for the next time i open it wont give me a hard time but then lately even i was logged in it took me a decade to open it. This app is now annoying. Its wasting my time. Please fix it before all users will shift to a better app than this.
Yass
Love you facebook
When I try to load my news feed, it keeps telling me "error loading news feed".......what should I do???
Good app
Fb app
The app stays on for about 10-20 seconds and then it crashes on me. It makes things kinda difficult as I use my tablet way more then any other device.  Can you not
Photos won't open from feeds since update on my phone. Never had this problem before. Videos work though.
I love
I is the best part of my life and it was really very imaging networking sit. Me and my friend are happy using facebook. Everyone used and like Facebook.
Take forever to load
very good app
Pictures do not load. Very slow and shows the same news feed from days ago .

Best way to use facebook
Very slow
I have a page but every time somebody messages my page you can't see the message,it was actually a very important message and I had to get my laptop out to see it.This app is terrible! I don't want to download page manager!To much memory!
Nice
Keeps force closing horrible
lovely
Facebook or on
Doesn't load profiles and photos properly
Very nice
Its so usefull＃.  I like it
94932731
Cannot untag posts that friends tagged me in. Page loads slowly/laggy, and all posts on news feed says "just now",has no time or date when people posted things,-- lgG2 USER
good
Khushi feshan
This app s so nice.....I give it 6 star...haaha
Need improvements fb so only 4 stars
I use it everyday :)
Good. Mei hay to fb
Cool
Terbaik
great app
If once logged out its hard to log in again. Please fix it..
adeyongo Judith
News feed is awful. Every time I open, i see different posts out from different times.  Out of order posts. Why can't it stay on most recent posts when that is my preference.  I'm getting fed up wuth FB all around.
Nice
Best
Every body is foolish that commented this app not good.i can say that this is the brilliant app ever.
Its ammezing web saite
Why No Working today's Facebook
What have you done? The app worked fine before you updated it! I want to see most recent news not top news! You have ruined Facebook!  I'm going to miss so many posts now cause of this! Not happy will not be using it till this is fixed!  Please fix this ASAP! Now we can't see notifications when reading most recent! Constantly having to go back! Why don't you listen to user feedback for a change!
Its more fun to socialised people around by using this app. Its more faster than others.
Forcing people to get messenger? How about just skip both facebook apps then and log in on the web? The facebook app was fine when you didnt need three other apps to make it run correctly. Way to take up space on phones and inconvenience millions, facebook. Do I need to download an app to uninstall the last one? Wouldnt be surprised
Its always kick me out after login
Cant install it after uninstalling due to it always stopped working most of the time..what did you do?
Stucky
E a doua oara cand il instalez si tot imi da eroare , prima data m-i s-a rebutat telefonul :| , nu il luati ca nu face nimic , il luati degeaba , daca nu ma credeti incercati
No any more
Please fix it.
Are you frickin kidding me?! Do you people even know how to develop apps?! To write codes?! Or do you do this so people on low end smartphones get frustrated user experience?! Do your mothafrickin job and optimise this app to take not more that 10mb in the background!
Just keeps going back to my homepage. keyboard goes off after typing 1letter all i get is fb not responding
It's unnecessary
Wtf it lock me out from sight in my acc on my phone !!
Lushh
Juhor Ahamed
Works great on my phone but tablet (sansum galaxy) shuts off all the time have reinstalled but still doesnt work.
SKY NEWS Islamic state terrorist  use Facebook . Alright for some
Love
Nyc

Very good apps for everyone
This app is veri intresting site
I hate this because now it's not allowing u to chat directly from the app please work on it
You know what people want and that's to access their most recent posts when opening the app, but if there's money to be made then why give the people what they want
Galaxy
Since the last update, I can never stay on FB without it force closing and I keep getting "error" messages. I've uninstalled and re-installed the app, declined the "update" but to no avail. I've never had these issues before. It was once a great "passing time" app but no more...I'm better off just playing games or something...your attention into these matters is greatly appreciated!
It wont let me stay on facebook keeps shutting the app down, samsung galaxy tab 3
Loved it
Please fix this for low ram android phones
Sawselpo@gmail,com
Can't install it why?
I can't keep it open for more than 3 seconds, then it turned out. Pls fix it. I am using a galaxy tablet, I don't know if this app it is not compatible with it.
one of the best app
Verybad
Good
Very good and very easy
Thanks
Update basically made my phone useless. Would take 10 seconds to open the keyboard after touching a text box, couldn't open the camera in time to take a picture because my friends would get bored waiting, and it would register a link after I gave up trying to click it and forgot about it lol. If it wasn't so frustrating it would be funny.
Good
Since you removed the top bar on subpages I now have to first press back and then press e.g. Notifications (and do this for each notification). This is no good!
Good
I hated it
Throws me out straight away after latest update.
Try to update, failed. Mightbe the problem is my gadget,...
I have had fb for many years and plan to have for many more
V nice
Won't work since update
The app is keep on closing down on its own. Please fix it soon.
Ok
Good
it wont let me go on my  Facebook page!!!!!
I like it
Woman
Wonderful concept
Please make transparent type coz white color so bright at night
Slow as a turtle!!!!!!
Lol of of the year
After update my facebook i start to have a problem . Only can load the fb with wifi and cannot open my fb with the 3G of my phone. I really don't know what is going on.  I try to uninstall and install again i can only work for few minutes....please fix it
No messenger plzzzzzz...
Good
Good
Good
Muthu
The app doesn't work at all. Forces closed immediately. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Pimp
No longer have the option to stop getting notifications from posts. It also force close and refreshes.
Supeerrb
Works better than ever! Love the pop up photo feature.
IB
Facebook
Magar rfl
Loved it
It's good but not best ..
Is there any reason this crashes more than a drunken 95 year old woman behind the wheel????
Stays open for 5 seconds and then crashes. Fix it please.
Gud
Sangat berfaedah.
Its so slowwwwwww!!!!! Can you please fix it.
Richasahu
Loved it and faster
Foo
These is main than  what supp because it does not require android phone.
Can't open . sometimes tells me that Facebook has stopped and it randomly goes back to normal.
Facebook login session expired when i login in this app it says that facebook login session expire what is going on?????????????????
I wants be a old version. This version is very poor .
Nice one
Great app
Mencari rakan-rakan
Sweet
has improved a  lot..  but sometimes the STOP NOTIFICATION doesn't work and its not available in all section
my favourite time pass
I uninstalled it on my phone because it eats all memory space. The reason that I installed this app was because I  wanted to chat with my friends and it didn't let me.
On KitKat, crashes randomly and whenever you try to post. Useless
Its irritating... :-/
OK
App constantly crashes or returns randomly to the home screen which is by the way not the most recent news feed (annoying!!!!!!!). Can't even set the option to receive most recent news on my feed. I use fb on my BlackBerry Z30 instead which works flawlessly. Very bad impression for me as a first time android user
Super
Good aap
Some times its hang .
It end up switch off my fon just few minutes if i open "fb"
I hv not used it but i know facebook app never fails it should be good so use this and tell me how many faults it have and dont try to play with deVill .....bcoz devil neverr forgive you
Fine
Take a min to log on but aftr that uts alk food
I love it, less spending:))).
G
Make most recent posts the default. I want to see things from my friends and groups I follow in the order they're posted NOT articles 2, 3 or 4 days old and why have a separate app for messages. Daft idea.
Cant use the facebook after updated?why?
Six feet tall dark in complexion

Jst lop to stay with fb
It ls like a part of my life
Good but, could make better
Coolest
Kicks me off when it doesn't want to load and when I click a notification it's like it opens a new page all together with no toolbar at the top!
Lolokwane
Good
I guessed most of us can still remember the joy of the old simplistic facebook app we all loved. This app was my favorite entertainment and social app. In the long run, the best became the worst app in my phone. First and foremost, I really hate the fact that users can't enjoy their inbox without installing another app. Most users, they really need some internal storage space to use for browsing. Instead of this, I got stuck in using most of my internal storage capacity to loading pictures, advertisements and even that messenger app that takes up a lot! Imagine having 20MB for this app and another 15MB for that messenger app, and everytime you scroll it would increase to almost 60MB just for scrolling and checking your sns account. I really do hope FB would bring back the plain Inbox that is storage-friendly. Or just give us the choice to use the fb inbox or messenger app--not this kind of involuntary preference.
Good app
Awesome!
I really love facebook app
Very good
Who is Facebook??
Too slow in loadng
After updating u cant see the unfollow button.. Where is it?? I desperately want it back
Stop being whiney bitches....
Nais aap
Dear facebook apps. Could you please stop the auto-refesh news when i'm scrolling it.really annoying.
Sameh
Is this possible? While choosing previous comments on posts that have many comments (more than 100 at times) Can a fix be made to go right to the start of the comments without choosing previous 50 times?
I really haven't had a chance to use it. I just signed up
Senang susah kita dpat merasa sama2
For use
download
Love it..
Bakwaas app
Friends' and pages' links doesnt redirect me to the pages. This is too irritating!
Facebook app sucks
Nothing to say, everyone has already said it and no one at FB cares or they would fix the crashing issue.
Empoyler
The app is good but when i log out of my facebook it dosent let me go back in.
I dont know why its not showing all the photos i upload. When i upload theres always missing pics like for example 3 pics but it will only show 2. Or 2 pics but the other one is missing. It confirms that i uploaded it but its not showing...

Very nice
Ok
Doesn't work on wifi since update
Kindaa good..!!!
Very good
Time to move on! Bring material design ui to us!!!
The links don't  work in Facebook app when you click on names or Groups. Please fix asap
Can't upload pictures without the app crashing.  When i watch a video from my news feed and its done, the app kicks me back to the top of the feed so i have to scroll all the way down again.
Best
P
I lioke
Great way too pick up girl cthu
Worst app evr frevr !
But how to turn off notifications of post and copy a text off post give some idea to this.
Hi
Good app.
On this latest version images (profile pictures, photos, thumbnails) do not load at all. Even when you refresh the page. Everything loads fine from the mobile web page but not in the app.
Facebook was quite good before but it has become too slow after updating it recently

Niceeeeee
Maybe id rate it if I cld actually LOG IN!!
I am frustrated please repair it
New update, stops working after 5 sec...GJ facebook!
Can u fix Facebook it's doesn't wanna fucken work it keeps logging me out and it won't let me back in please fix it this app is great but please fix thx
No good! Difficult to load. Cant do anything!!!
Good
Good application
Why the last update make my facebook super slow and I cant even open some photos of friends and events...... pls do something avout it, I never requested for this to be updated
Fit
Loved it.... specialy the way of likin pics or status... but d fact ddt v hv to download d messenger app wid it is much annoying. Hope u guys will work on it
Good
simple and i like it
Good and not better than whats app
Updated version of FB
Please update
Nice . But still slow
Wat the hell.....is going...update comes for best perfomence, but ths update comes to know their worst perfomence....after 1-2 minute shuts off & automatcly cms to homscreen.....f***ng devlpr..
So good
Terima kasih facebook
Why do you compul people to download your messenger when we open t msg in app, it is not necessary to use. Totally your app is waste, if it continues we will uninstall the app..
Every minute I get kicked out of the app. Solve it.
Str8 up
Won't let me sign in please fix!!!!
. see photo and app shearing  .
Takes too much time to open and log in
Good
Since I updated my app its not working jus keeps saying updating wtf is the point of an app for fb if u can't even get on it!!!??????? FIX IT PLEASE
Good one
Will not even let me login
Software
I need help to instal on my huawei y220 u00
Slow reaction.takes more times when to see evrything in fb!
Not always showing photos. Keeps waking up the device... can't believe this is the official app
Improvised now.
As soon as you open it closes on my galaxy3. No problems on my phone which is also a samsung. This update sucks. 1 star is being generous.
I have a galaxy tab 3, and here the past week the facebook app freezes and shuts off, ive already uninstalled it and re installed it, and nothing helped, this is the only app that messes up on my device. Half the time it wont let me post pictures,  or share anything!
Had no problems until recent update. Now have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling to use.
Fast
Facebook
I can't get my Fb to update my feed or anything.I have full bars and all my other apps work so I don't think it's my service. About to uninstall..
Good
Awsum
Im getting kicked every 5 seconds and the app is crashing,  please do something with that..
Fawzia francisca
worst update, where does the unfollow post button gone missing? used more data n memory from older update. newsfeed sucks.... yeah i want to see the posts from 3months ago. fix it pls
The links to friends' pages and album is not working!
Joljonglardesh rotnogorva Rajbari dhaka Bangladesh
More than half the time it will not load while connected to WiFi. All my other apps work that require an internet connection.
I love it.
I'm done with this godawful app. Completely done. You keep trying to make this thing good, but you keep failing. The final thing for me has been how, for the last several months, whenever I've scrolled down my feed, this piece of trash app yanks itself back to the top of the feed. I've already gotten ticked off enough to delete the app twice because of this. Third time's the charm. I'll just use the browser from now on.
Since last update I cannot update newsfeeds. It seems as if fb cannot access my wifi....all other apps work perfectly.
It won't load at all so it's pretty useless.
Can't load news feed but like finding new old family and friends!
JUST LATELY I'M GETTING THE "LOADING" ICON FOR PICTURES ON MY FEED...AND I CANT VIEW THE PICS
It's won't let me log in.
Nce app..i jst like it
I really love it to the moon and back.
I love it
When i signed in on my Facebook account, on  my android tablet device(Samsung galaxy  tab ) a few seconds later  everything  goes  off. But it was  not like that before.
Nw it's been months I cnt use fb I dnt know y Mxm
Hate this new version !! Cant click on pic and make it bigger anymore........Thinking about unimstalling all together ! And go back to laptop.WISH THEY WOULD LEAVE EVERYTHING ALONE.STOP FING WITH IT.!!!!!!
Good
Had to press Play button twice now
I can't click on a name or group name from a post and be sent to that page. No like.
I can only be on for less than a minute before getting kicked off been this way since the 1st of the month. Wth I'm getting sick of it. Plz fix soon or we will all be done with fb.
Nice hai boss
Good
It's taking forever to load when I'm logging back in! Since the new updates it haven't been the same and this needs fixing!
Facebook app has frozen numerous times today. Never had this problem before. Are y'all changing something again? Samsung galaxy s4....also, can't load profiles or pics.
Please consider removing the opening of links within Facebook or have a choice. I prefer FB opening in google chrome or whatever web browser I have instead of integrated one.

Galaxy s3
I cant add friends.. fix it
Still has occasional issues but to their credit this app has been so vastly improved over the last couple of years. Most improved player!
It is very cool
Facebook is good and fantastic
Reduce the size
I love this app because I'm always with my friend (even faster than before)
Love it.
Best of them all
They say to download this but when I do it always crashes love fb but not the crashed money is to tight to just go out and buy another phone and have it broke for this app
This application is a total breach of privacy. It accesses your camera, microphone, applications, your Web browsing history, your location, your text messages, your phone calls, your phone call history, and anything that provides information about the owner of the phone.
Jai kalka maiii
Its more faster than ever.
poshika arasu
df
Its ok
Dms
TAKE WAY TO MUCH SPACE. And then you guys expect me to install messenger -.- RAGED
No problen with my wifi everything else worka perfectly only new feeds and facebook  fix fix fix
Having prob loading newsfeed using redminote android jellybean. Can this be fixed?
Very good application
妖攸抒 扶攸抒
Goods
Hate that I can't msg anyone w/o having to waste my memory on other apps. And it doesn't even work 
Gudk
Keeps kicking me out when i do anything. I have it on a samsung tablet and i have reinstalled it and even factory reset the tablet been like this for weeks. At a stage where i cant use it anymore. Fix it or lose customers!!
Niceeeeyyy much !
Now with even more bloat! Thanks so much for the built in browser that I'm sure 99% of your users don't need or want!
Super
Love is life....
Lot's of bugs plz fix
Loved it
Yg.         .
Whenever I shared a post, I had to some emoticons but after shared the post, I didn't even see my emoticons. Please fix it, it's very important to a smile or two after people shared a post.
I like dhet
RAFFY's BARBER SHOP
Simple. Read the title. Annoying as hell. Fix it.
Last update sucks add pop up when you share nothing wrong with it be for. Please fix now!!
Att
Takes several minutes to open and doesn't open correctly.
Fantastic everyone download this app
Is
This is quite an invasive piece of software. The size doesn't justify the functionality of a simple website. Do yourself a favor, and use your browser until these fools come to their senses. You don't need two apps for the functions of one site.
Loved it
Super easy
very nice app i love this
It cannot logout normally!!!
To meet. People
Hi, i can't download video or pic from facebook's pages ,plz help me
Its good app
Error loading new stories/posts.
I can't even get on...it just keeps kicking me out.
I was leaving but I missed qoogle and the rest too so I had to try one more time. After all yall r family!!!
I have samsung grand 2. The app Runs smoothly but it closes as soon as i open notifications. This bug is recent.
Why wont this app stay open longer than 10sec on my galaxy tab 3??? Come on this has been happening for months now. You have permissions to see everything we do yet you cant fix this major issue???
I don't like it...
Nice
A++++++
install this app now
Big
Good app for android
Wow............
I have to google fb ans sign in thru there to c my home pg.  The app kicks me off once i click on it now=-(
I can't use facebook over three months now after updating
I love it
Like it
Nice thought to open links in the app, but videos in links have sound but no image (they stay black).
The can detect all what we have our  phones .why you get all this permission face book !!!........
My facebook will not stay connected. As soon as it opens it goes back to app. And then shuts down. Please help me. I am about to uninstall it. It is on my Samsung Tablet and is the only app that does it and it has been happening for about  three weeks now. HELP I have asked for help and have been ignored by facebook. I cannot stay connected for more than 5 or 10 seconds. This sucks.
This is the first time that I got irritated on this app, is when I updated it. It keeps on automatically shutting down, I thought I'm the only who have this issue, PLS PAY ATTENTION!!! THANKS!
Nice

Ok
i hate so much about your messenger, please dont show me again infrand of my facebook inbox. does like this app messenger always asking me to install it.
Total Thums Up Smooth as hell
ok
Nice app.
Bahut achchha
It is nice app
Works faster
Keeps crashing...... Fix this before  delete the app
Facebook
Bad
It nice i love it
Eh
Its good
Always freezes up and resets phone!!!!
@@@
Faster
Can someone please fix the issue on the comment section. Everytime someone replies to my comments on any status updates, i need to click the "load previous comments" just to reach my comment which is located at the top. This is quite tiring everytime someone replies to my comment and i need to see it. Can it not just automatically goes to my comment after i clicked on the notification bar that indicates that someone replied to my comment
Easy to download any upload photoes
If you want to offer a better looking messenger app, improve the built-in one
Good
Have had no problems at all whilst using it.
No complaints
Doesn't work
When will you understand that we don't care what was recently commented on. We want most recent posts and updates. Too much maneuvering to get around. And why is there a built in browser?? If I want to open a tab to save for later, I can't now. Stop messing with with a good thing and expecting the masses to bow to your creation. This is getting ridiculous.
Like everyone else most recent update has me disconnecting every few seconds if i can open at all
L
My Galaxy 5 works well with the fb App so far
Government hacked all jammy jammy and glitchy
You dimwits ! Ever since this latest update I cannot access Facebook at all through the app!! Why all the updates ? Your making a great app worse :/
Weeee
Like
Good
5 stAr
W
New version  wont let me share   others post. It  sucks. Re did the update....tonight....still keeps throwong me out. But only on my samsung galaxy note, so it might be one of their updates
My FB keeps crashing and I can't click on friends' pages. Needs to be fixed ASAP!
Jnarleen
21534588.........
Ever since I updated to this it's really been a downgrade. It hasn't worked since the date it updated. All I get is a loading signal then a failed message comes up. Fixxxx this !!!!
THE PERMISSIONS ARE EFFING RIDICULOUS.
I cant even use this app anymore. Its constantly freezing and locking up my entire phone since the last update.. Get it together facebook, this app has become complete junk!
I really hate that links open in Facebook browser. Fix it
Good butt is se phle wala version acha tha ismain tag removed nai hota or notifications bhi off nhi hoti
Love it
Ever since the update the app has not been functioning. I get notifications but cannot load pages or anything for that matter. I've tried uninstalling the app and everything... but this is clearly not a fault with my account or phone. Please fix this.
Fb
Good
dont like it . GRRR !
Just love it
hating the new "browser"
Its good but not safe
Awesome app must download
Supar
Vamshi
Photos will not sync into a private folder. Please fix.
To good
Now none of my games are able to login even though I am logged into the FB app??? Please fix!!!
it lags freezes & crashes way to much for my comfort! I hate the update stop changing stuff!!!
I really Love it
I wish it disappear soon because it is more harmful than beer
Just got the notice I have to install messenger app....so I uninstalled Facebook.
Since my last update the app keeps closing and going back to home page after like 5 seconds. The fb app never used to do this until recently. Please fix this. In love my fb app...it would be nice to be able to use it instead of going to the browser to get on to fb. Thanks.
Loved it
Good
Not stable right now on my Tab 3. Not sure what happened causing this regression.
The new update TOTALLY SUCKS!! I can't search for friends without loosing my notifications bar. This is going downhill. I hate it!!!
I'm on a Samsung Galaxy tab 3 and I'm unable to effectively use this app. I can load the main page but clicking on any picture, link, or profile will cause a force close. This issue persists with the latest update.
The recent groups of updates are making this app worse rather than better. Features that I found useful, such as being able to add people to the Close Friends list but remove notifications received from the individual, has been reserved for only web (and possibly only desktop) versions of Facebook. I already don't want this app, these features can at least be preserved in the app. More recently, the app has been using an increasing amount of CPU and is eating up my battery. It's become pretty disappointing.
I loved so much

Wala lang
The new, in-built browser is good, works nicely for saving links. But for things like YouTube videos, where is our choice to open it in the YouTube app? Do not rob the Android freedom. Fix it. :)
The app has bugs wen u do a status edit with people tagged it brings up all kinds of codes.. Will this be fixed
Goood facbook
Facebook
Not a fan of how corrupt it's become
Gud
Very hot app
I also like this mesengger because we can chat with fren during this ..
I can't see the pictures
loveed it !!!
sangat mudah djalankan
BEST
nice
App keeps restarting everytime i checkout a video on my timeline...fix it please before i uninstall
Nuff said!
Once I open the app 5 to 10 seconds and it kicks me out plus when a finally am able to open it won't play any videos. Please fix this update sucks!
When I need to go on pages or anywhere else its sends me back to the news feed. Cant use it at all that way
It always kick off...pls fix it!!!!!!
Incompatible version
So so annoying getting fed up now, will remove and start again
Excellent
Horible
Needs fixing. Keeps shutting down. Also not getting notifications. This started after last update. Pleeeease fix!
No matter how many times I reset my password it won't let me log in since I've updated the ap will give more stars once fixed
Nice
Prince abhilash
NO sum things not right
Bt nt so interesting has whatsapp
Excellent
average..i waited so long to download fb
Why do you need access to my canera and microphone and call logs ans social security number and credit cards and blood type?
Gj
Its so annoying ,while im in the middle of browsing it will force close, this happens everytime..
I hate many updates... Specially in messenger every two weeks u need to update...
Really very bad woring app also it used more RAM than other apps used. It always tells me to log out but whn i lpg out it regain login my accnt by it self.
Like
Sumsing galaxy gt18552 video call problem please help me
So ....
Owesme to cnnct to loving one
I get kicked off every time I try to like something or look at friends videos
Facebook
Best for FB..
After i open it i get kicked off in 10 secs....
Its so easy to easy and its runs faster and smoothly
When I exit the app, I have a widget on my phone to show active apps, it shows there's still an active app. I check it and it's ALWAYS Facebook that is still running in the background. It wasn't like this before the new update so whatever is keeping it open and running after I exit the app needs to be fixed. I continually have to force close the app and then I don't get notifications for it, which is also an issue.
Famous
Love that i can connect with friends .. jist on  issue it tells me error uploading i restart my phone but the issue keeps happening almos everyday
My rating
Pretty poor can't view anything without page closing after a few seconds, getting annoyed maybe will delete soon if nothing changes
Nice
Not to shaby
Can't refresh newz feed even after changes in settings from 1 hour to 30 mints
Bose
I have limited access since last update. Can't add friends, read or send private messages and updates on status for people is so far behind for friends its unreal!
I'll get a new device with a 16GB Internal Storage just the space I'm having problems however, on the new update my device seems to doing well.

Loved it
Any video longer the 2-3 seconds freezes up on my HTC sensation. Please fix this
Nice
Ever since the recent update when I "go back" to exit the Facebook app on my S3 it continues to run in the background. I have to open my task manager and "end" the app to stop it. This can be extremely draining on my battery and it is not at all how it was operating prior to the latest update.
THE TRUREAL SHOW about MARTRU and TRUMAR a TRUE STORY ON THE LIFE
Won't open anything.  Just keeps loading but nothing shows
Says I could like and post even offline but I don't. And it load forever. Sucks
Good
I cant even sighn in when i do it kicks me out
Keeps running in background even after exit. This consumes battery
Facebook will always be no. 1
Crashes over and over again on my wife's Samsung Tab 3 10 inch. Then she pesters me! Please fix this for the sake of my marriage.
Cant downloac
His wife angal merritt
App
This is live
App stays running in the background when closed. Killing RAM and battery life. Didn't do this til newest release
God
I do like the save option. Not enjoying the lag when opening a shared post. Sharing a post is annoying with the pop up to follow.
Work
Facebook
Why I can't download Facebook even though I already downloaded more apps and I have more space in SD CARD!?
Mwah
Facebook is a good social network
Facebook iz good to connect every friends.
Rate the apps
Pictures on news feed aren't all loading, some have a circular arrow, some nothing . Not working properly.
vom
RZR Max
marjanarana
How can i activate facebook vedio calling,i want to learn,,,
Ok
JANI
I cannot click on a name while scrolling through my newsfeed. It won't take me to the profile I'm clicking.
I liked it.......
L
its really good and handy lols
keeps stopping while im scrolling.
I have one of those,  and Facebook isn't it.  Kindly stop jacking up my phone when your junky built in browser.
I loved it very much
facebook bad
Sucks I don't have 2.1 stuck on 1.5 android
not too fast for log in..please fix this..always session xpired
Constantly crashes on my Galaxy tab 3. Unusable.  Had to revert to version 13.
good better best.
Will not stay open for more than a few seconds at a time.
You should add such a option in inbox thAt we can directly find message by date nd month....because in long conversation it's quiet difficult to find old message....it's take too long time...
Nyc
l0v3 it
Good app BUT far to many permitions the app needs like use your camera, mic, take videos and pics etc. When ever it wants.
Bang bang
Nice
Constantly opens on my notifications instead of my news feed, if I click on a link and then go back to the app, it either opens on my notifications or back to the top of my news feed instead of where I left off. Every update gets worse.
No
Easy to use, very convenient
I'd like this app a lot more if it weren't for the fact that ever since I updated it constantly kicks me off after about 15-30 seconds after I log on. I've tried everything I could think of and unfortunately it still continues. Please,  please fix this bug!!!
Sometimes
Is it because of my google market or the problem is my android phone?
Loved it
Lovely
Privacy issues where allowable access to personal information not related to this app. Example. The ability to read mms text and viev photos saved on phone. Messenger must be installed in order to chat. Choices would be nice.
This sh*t doesn't even deserve one star
Cant load my newsfeed after update
Will not let me stay on fb for more than 10 to 15 seconds, then I lose it , what the f##k is going on
Nicee
Awesome apps .....very helpful thank much..
Excellent fb
It load slow but I like it
what happened to the old fb app when I go on to this one it signs me off
What happened to the notifications menu bar across the top when in the Most Recent news feed???  Come on man!!  Fix please!
Facebook
Please fix this app. It only shows old posts. Whenever I refresh only old posts show up. Please fix
Great
Takes forever to log in with new update man what crap
Its fast .no interruption !
I cant even stay on for 15\20 seconds unless its for closing on me.... why? Whats going on here?
When doin more and more upgrades the app gets even more slower and kicks me out when im txt
Why can't I comment pictures
Why do you now force "most popular" news feed upon us. Why can I no longer change to latest. And why have you now forced your crap web browser on us. How do I get it to default to chrome to open up links.
Hafizapis
Fix bug. It now cuts off the header of your most recent posts, I have to pull the page down to see who posted it. You even fucked up the save image shortcut
I can reach my family and friends from far away.
Good
I must say that Facebook has resolved my issue upto 80%.Earlier this app runs very slow on my Samsung Galalxy Y.But I expect much more from this.The app is not fully optimized,it still sometimes (very rare) gives 'Force Close' popups.Please resolve it completely!! :)
As of 11/3/14 App is suddenly crashing on my Galaxy S5.
EXCELLENTT!!!!
Y i cant intall this ??
Facebook is so big, so integral to our connected society now that it almost doesn't matter how well the app works. Incidentally, it's pretty OK anyway.
Good
With this amazing new update no when i click on a friends name to go to their profile nothing happens. This is ridiculous
Ugly new design!
Very good social network facebook
Ok
The app doesn't upload anything new, won't refesh,  sucks.
Exlante Its is very fast
I can't stand how the app will sporadically change me news feed.  I will be scrolling through and all of a sudden "stories" that I saw moments before are cycling through again.  I don't know if it is a problem with the app itself or if its a "timeline" issue, but I am very quickly losing interest in this social media "service".
They've made some major improvements! For one, if I accidentally closed the comment box, my comment remains intact!  It's getting a lot better but still can't be 5 stars until I can do EVERYTHING in the app that I can do from the web interface.
App nd awesome app so good yr
It never let's me on to Facebook. Every time I try, it won't let me. I resetted my password thinking I would be able to get on. Nope. Now it says my password is not right. I am at my wits end. Help me please! I have no clue!
I like facebook cause I get to chat with my fancily
512 mb ram mobile some times  not respond this app
Christina
Very good app
Awesome app......user friendly too......
Photos are not loading.....i had liked the post but after some minutes likes have been gone.....why this happened.... Its so wired...
I can't see the amount of friends I have
I cant do anything without the app closing itself and its been like this for over a week please fix now
Would be better if I could make my status a recording like you can send voice messages
Asome app ever
I can't access facebook after I updated today. My fb keeps throwing me out, shutting down. These administrators of this app need to repair the problem NOW!!!!!!
Does not load news after updates. Totally messed up and useless for android now.
I like this application
Sent error report lot of times. I think they are not interested to fix. When it hangs it doesn't even allow to use other apps.
Last update causes fb to shut down within 5secs of opening.
Need to bring back the "stop notification" option
DESCRIPTION
Ok performance..
Simplemoble411
It's lagging, pls fix this or i'll uninstall this for good.
Ever since the pervious update whenever I open the Facebook app it opens directly to the notification tab and always to the same notification from a week ago.  I've tried clearing the cache and this did not help.  Please fix this bug
I can't click on a person's name to go to their page, only works if I click on their picture. Also, the option to turn off notifications on posts I'm following is gone. That is very annoying.
The app is great. But sometimes I have to uninstall it is hen reinstall it to get my notifications to show on my Facebook icon. Not sure what the problem could be there.
nice application
Ever since this new update .can't stay on Facebook for more then 30secs  and I'm booted off it's bull crap.
I cant stop the notification that I liked or commented on so its boring me up
Freezes on videos on the wall wont let me scroll past them after last updated
Not bug fix, video can't open play.
Love
Number one
This new update ....app freezes after few mins ....it really sucks
Always hang
Not sure why, but the app won't stay open for more than a few seconds. It's useless for me.
Closes on its own and hangs a lot!
its nice to use fb to communicate others
Gaihaltai
I want to unfrirnd lots of friends but there is no option for it.
Fasbook best
This is terrible...thought it was just my device closing the app. After reading everyone's review I  see it is the crappy update given to everyone. Thanks for nothing.
Why does the screen shut off after a few seconds of looking at my friends list
This app get worse and worse with all the updates. It Don't stay open more than 10 Seconds without closing ,
No messenger capabilities built in
After the update it just loads for hours on end and I can't see pictures or anything.  What happened?
Cannot copy  post in group,   and other          A chhung hi la ti zau zawk se, a bar pawl leh a hnuai a mi friend request message Notification bar hi hei ai hian te se, bar khat ah hlai lo zawkin awm thei phei se, a hnuai a bar pawh hei aia hlai hluap lo deuh ni ta se, a chhung hi zau deuh se arsi kimin ka click ngei ang....  Tih hi english in han comment teh u
Meet
Now web links open in a Facebook Browser? I don't like it.
Chief to set me
Love Facebook like the book is my favorite app
What is the ypu all about people on Facebook past and present seu it is YOU political correction gone mad .if you was mot concerned please shpw my messages to the public instead of hiding mine away. Sorry that would show you up for what you are no star .security crackers
It's okay
It sometimes shuts off on its own but it is working perfectly
Good for sending messages and other stuff
Really slow
The icon went away and so did my facebook
Love it sure keeps me bussey
Can't install keep giving me error code
proud to use at
Nice aplication for fb users
Please help me to open my fb
New update only works on 4G service. Has been frozen on same page for six days when trying to use Wi-Fi. Not sure how this app is still 4 stars.
I can't login by first time try. . I have  to make many tries to login. I think  its not fair. I can't download Facebook app.
Cannot open video ! Dumbass !
I
I not famous hahaha
I L FB
Good
LOL
There are no words in the English language that have made me so bloody mad with Facebook.  The only reason I am with this mob is because I have found friends after twenty years. But even now I have their information so if Facebook feel the need just to top of the awful time I have had with them delete me . I would not bat an eye lid because that is the way they treat people with total arrogance. Don't even bother trying to get a response from them because they won't reply any way.KARMA  FACEBOOK! !!!!!!!@
Terrible update
lasun app......chut***pa
Since the update I cannot load my Facebook!!!!
This is awesome as always I mean its facebook
Love this, very vety nice.
Good
last update can't turn off notifivation
Superr magaling
Slow and dragging takes forever to load
Constantly kicks me to Google Play store when I try to scroll thru my newsfeed. Tells me I have notifications when I don't and is constantly showing me days old updates even though I have it set to Most Recent.
FB sent us notifications abt the latest birthday. But we are unable to see the birthday under the "Today" section.
Sunil
It keeps freezing and not responding.
What happened? I used to be able to turn notifications on and off on a post, now I can't. Really annoying having to go to my browser whenever I want to do this.
Upon opening the app it would be nice to have an option on whether or not we want the news feed to display top stories or most recent. Not scroll continuously to the left until the end of the tab then scroll down to set the option. Very annoying. And it's very sloooowwwwww can't scroll down properly or open the page properly w/o it being super slow.
I love facebook
The best
I can't even be on it for more than 5 seconds...new update sucks...please fix this.
One star until Most Recent is the default feed.

This recent update crashes the app after 30sec. I guess this gives me a reason to finally delete this resource hog of an app!
Good
Update broke nearby friends
Slow as a snail. If I can give it zero stars I would. Its sucked on every update since 2012. Facebook has became suckbook.
420SpideR62@Gmail. Com
I love it
u have to install msger to chat not good for old types of androids lags are persistent.. have alot to complain about but so less time.
Love app
It sucked  I forgot my password and it just canceled my page the hell with Facebook
Says it can't establish an internet connection when leaving comments. Other than that, it's a great app.
Im seeing double of my comments every time I post something and force closing
It allsome
This version stinks! Ever since I updated photos won't hardly load so I have to use the actual website to see anything.
These guys grows to negative..from a easy to use..easy to load app..every new version gets slower and slower...and crashing..who got tym? Must giv option to chose old version.
Profiles won't load
After the update, i can't stay longer than 5 seconds. I was just scrolling and it went "Close, report, wait" all the time. Please please please, fix it..
1.) I don't receive all of my notifications. 2.) As soon as I log into or out of Facebook I receive a notification that my Facebook session has expired log in again. Sometimes it shows up while I'm on Facebook.  3.) Can you PLEASE give us the choice to make the  most recent statuses/posts our default page??? It's extremely annoying to keep switching it. Get it together, guys! From what I've been reading there are A LOT of us who are ready to kick Facebook to the proverbial curb.
I like it
Horrible update. Keep getting kicked.
Good
Still hate the "top stories" newsfeed by default setting.
Awesome app T.M.I
It sucks!! It keeps taking me out of the app
Pics aren't saving to device
Love it
Ever since the new update i cant go on people's profile and it wont do anything  it just stays on my time line... horrible update
I cant't stay on facebook more than 30 seconds, then it close.  I tried everything and doesn't work.  Please fix it!
FACEBOOK'S IS GREAT YOU GET TO GO WORLDWIDE SEE ALL THINGS I KNOW I WOULD NEVER BE ABLE TO IF NOT FOR FACEBOOK'S THANKS FB* GOD BLESS*
I don't want to have to install a custom rom just because your app has a persistent menu button instead of adhering to the app guidelines. Just put those options in the side bar, or put a menu button somewhere else so I don't lose an inch of my screen. Thank you.
I hate this crap. Bring back FB messenger in one app. I DO NOT want to be forced to download the FB messenger so I'll just uninstall FB
Facebook is again screwing up. Bad sync functionality where news feed items won't load fully and after a while loading stops completely.
Its cool
This new update sucks......
Why can't I move this enormous dinosaur of an app to my SD card?
Muy bueno lo recomindo
Doesn't work on Galaxy Tab 3. This seems to be an issue for many users. Please investigate.
When I'm viewing post and photos it freeze then crash. Really really annoying!!
FB wasn't perfect before but this last update really messed things up. Sometimes can't even get on then when I do is usual no more than for a few seconds and I'm kicked off. It's rediculous. I can sign in on the Internet but it takes more time and just isn't as convenient and it doesn't act the same as the app does. Can this please get fixed??
Facebook o
Huge plans
thanx
Constantly crashes on my Samsung Galaxy S3 tablet. Worked just fine until the last update. I can't even use it anymore.
Superb
It just okay but sometime it got  loading. Anyway good job!
Very good app
Mobile won't display links from my feed. Need an update to fix this.
It force close every 30 seconds .please please please fix this I really love Facebook but its like the app is getting worse and worse every time you update it . Something have to be done .
Your app sucks. It closes for NO reason when im on it. It lasts for 30 seconds at most before closing down. And 97% of the time whenim trying to write on someones wall, or share something it will close and not let me do it. Its so annoying. Fix it please. Samsung galaxy tab.
Poorly enough now !!
Precisa melhorar muito!
I love
It is, somehow, ok...
It is alsome
free
Your last update really messed up the app on my Galaxy. It stays up for 5 seconds or less then goes to my home screen. Fix it please.
It has a gr8 update luved it
Uses a lot of memory even if its just runs on the background. A bit of a problem for device that have not so much memory.
;)
Outstanding
Worst update ever in the history of facebook
Because you can chat with friends
Facebook
Wont install on my device can u fix this xx
This application doesn't give correct timing for posts. It shows that all feeds on my timeline were posted "just now" even if they were posted 10 hours ago!
Every time this app updates it is more difficult to stay logged on to view new post.
I cant even download it. "Error code -24"
Good
I Liked
Iove this softwear
Hor
Randomly switches back to home page or freezes up
Add file dude
Outstanding
I like it
My tablet is now working for facebook yeah
Have not been able to get into my facebook on my Galaxy Tab 3! It crashes every 2-3 seconds every time. Pls fix it!
Mr
Every time I click on anything it closes the program.   Drives me nuts!
i dont know if it just me or what, this app always force me to back to homesecreen while im scrolling news feed for a few secs.
It's ok
Loads extremely slow when connected to Wi-Fi. Connection works fine on any other app and works when not connected to Wi-Fi.   Xperia z.
Being thankfu
If I use this app to go to my FB page, I'm booted back to my home screen within seconds. However, if I GO TO GOOGLE,  pick  FACEBOOK WELCOME, LOGIN, SIGN UP, it takes me to the old style FB page, IT WORKS THAT WAY.  It has to be a problem in this app, PLEASE FIX IT.
Hate how I cant change my cover photo with out uploading it first
It keep going out on me.
Crashes when i open it eveeytime
When i try to make an old photo my profile picture or acover it upload anew one not the same that exist and also When i look through apage and press continue reading on apost and when i press back it takes me to the top of the page and another thing i don't get the news feeds from most of pages i like and i wish there is amore fast way to mark spams plz fix it ..
Application is too slow.... nd we can't move it to sd card
Grat gab
When is the Facebook app going to change how friends' posts are repeated over and over every time someone comments or "likes" them? Also, the algorithms that pick which friends' posts you see need to be eliminated. And lastly, the refreshing and jumping back to the top is annoying. I love Facebook, but it seems as if everyone I know hates the same things about the app.
Fernandes
News feed pics will not load. check that, pics load when they want...This update mess FB. App up...
I have not been able to use facebook in months. I think it was right after the last update.  I have tried everything, i have even took my tablet to the Samsung rep to see if they could help. I can use it in my phone. . When will this issue be fixed?
Best to keep in touch with friends
Please fix this...  won't let me stay on more than a few seconds
The latest update wont let me open any photos at all.
Too slow downloading
I used to be able to view my pictures in my album through my phone but now I can't at all this is ridiculous a fixed need to be made.
I keep dumping and reloading because now my phone keyboard won't pull up to type into comments boxes. Never happened before and works fine on everything else on my phone. Must be the new fb update. Please fix!
Life2shot to make wrong choice
Can't open any photos. Please fix.
Doesn't let me access it on my tablet this is annoying please fix it
Thank u!

Logging in , need to Talk to someone. Problem.
Angel
I never though how  easy.it would be to just check my facebook until  got this app this and has brought awesomeniss to my life this app has I love it!
Sends random notifications to my phone about posts from ppl I never interact with. Maybe because I don't really use fb anymore it has little data to work with. Generaly ok tho.
Not loving the update. Half the links do not work on any of my phones. In addition, messages are screwed up. Chat heads constantly pop up, and facebook keeps indicating new messages, when there aren't any.
My news feed is just blank boxes. It won't load any photos including my own. Definitely need some bug fixes before launching the update. Photos... kind of important....
The best
Goodbye Facebook .. just doesn't work for more than 3 seconds ... too frustrating ... better off without it 
I've been having issues with this app since the most recent update, and today it started kicking me out altogether after 2 seconds. Now the app is unusable, I've tried logging out/in, rebooting my phone, and now I am reinstalling the app...except it's been "installing" for over an hour. I have never had this issue with any other apps on my phone, so disappointed. All I can do is use Facebook on my phones browser until the app decides to actually function again. (Though it apparently still won't install so)
Im new but I heard its a great site
Cool
The update won't allow me to stay on for more than a 45 seconds.  Needs to be fixed.
Using the memory stats in KitKat, Facebook looks to using and holding onto quite a bit of RAM space, causing apps to get killed in the background way more often and much sooner than they should be, due to a lack of available memory.
Good app
I like this app please fix it
Used to be good but lately switches off at random times crap now
Love itt
Just like everyone else, being kicked out after 15-30 secs. Just installed app on my new Galaxy Tab 3. Can't do anything with it. Sort it out!
It's okay nothing new but nice.
Pictures and videos wont load
Crashes after update. Will not refresh notifications
Ever since the last operating software update on my Samsung tablet the app sucks. Every 15-30 seconds it closes without warning. Cant do anything. This must be fixed
I just hope that I can post from lock screen
Can't exit out of a picture.  App closes when l use go-back arrow. Tab2
It is better from youtube and everything that's all combine except I hate the group chat one because you don't talk to each other
From what my mom does it seems cool :-)
What the hell with this software???
Its keep us close and give information wherever we are that's really good
Woa so beautiful
The new update suck's shows news feeds form four Days ago  fix this please...
Love it
I love Facebook
goodwill
Need to add a "customs"  option for who can view the stuff on our time line and for all the previous posts as well.
It's so cool:-)!
This app is useless on Xperia Z. Videos don't play or stop half way through, has 'juddery' scrolling and takes up too much memory.
Removing the ability to view and respond to messages in the app kinda sucks. Means you either have to install another app or login to the mobile website. Change it back please.
My Public Turning To Friend - Its change everything..
I've had problems where I'm talking to friends of mine, and it says out of nowhere "Waiting for Network." Messages don't load, my messages don't send. I try turning my phone off and refreshing the app and nothing seems to work. One thing is for sure is that it's not my connection problems, because my wifi works fine with other apps.
The facebook app one of most popular apps that should belong to every cell phone but I have a small notice just if will be allowed to copy the words while using app exept that everything is great
had to uninstall, would even open. on chrome better
App closes as soon as I open it, wtf your last update has ruined this app. I'm thinking of sending you a bill for the wasted internet download.
Love it its good
Siip
The App. Doesn't work while using the wifi & it crashes every 10 seconds while using the network data connection
My samsung galaxy tab firmware just updated and facebook now works on it.
ilove FB
On prosess
Relationship with the lost ones....
When connected to wifi it wont even load. Rather not waste my 4g data on an app when I have a very good wifi connection. Worst. Update. So. Far.
It's very slow and has to many problems
Needs turbocharged big time!
I'll scroll thru my newsfeed & randomly get tgrown back to the start. If I ooen a status to comment, it often does the same thing.
The News feed doesnt update dont download this version. You get error when you get on Facebook i have to us my phones data it doesnt work over my wifi at home.I have LG G2...fix it so I  can go back on Facebook please.
Hate the new updates takes forever to load and having to install messenger now to answer messages really blows  am being generous with 2 stars
All you guys do is complain about it while they're trying to do their best. If you guys have a problem with it, UNSTALL IT, STOP COMPLAINING AND LEAVE IT ALONE maybe it has to do with the stupid apps your downloading. If you have a problem then just leave it and pretend its not even real. They are trying to do their best they can do, and if you don't appreciate it you will have to learn how.YOU GUYS ARE EVEN LUCKY THIS WAS CREATED OR YOU WOULDVE GOT ALL MAD SAYING OH HOW WE GONNA DO THIS OR HOW WE GONNA DO THAT MAYBE FOR ONCE IF YOU APPRECIATE THINGS YOUR KIFE WOULDNT BE IN A HELL HOLE AND IT WOULD BE MUCH EASIER. Now leave them alone.
Don't like the fact that I can't see notifications when I'm looking at a post or my most recent news feed
I just love this app because I get to talk to my 20 year Friend bay bay parker and because I get to see some people cute boyfriends and go on pretty boys Facebook page and text them on the text app on Facebook LoL I love the people the made Facebook
Ever since the new update it will randomly close for no reason. I can just click something it it will close completely. Fix this please!!!!!
iloveyou
Don't know whats going on with your designers of your app but the app is so bad ive started using the web  browser on my tablet so as to be able to view my facebook page.. kinda defeats the purpose of an app ill try the update if its not any better I will uninstall sigh update fail, crashes all the time, closes for no reason, closes when I hit the comment links, closes and or hangs depending on when I click on external links fail fail fail uninstalled the app now no more app using a Samsung Tab3 2014 Android 4.2 Tablet
I like this app
I use the most recent news feed but i cant see the notification bar i have to go to the previous screen to see it...super annoying fix that!
good
I like the old stile
Try it??
This app sum bs!!!! U fucked it way up yo!!!
Doesn't work. Shuts down after opening fb. FB works fine on a regular PC. General problem since last update. Samsung blames FB and the other way around. Also look at GOOGLE for 'Facebook shuts down for Android'. Please correct the fault asap. Millions of people are working with the FB app on Google Play.
So good
Best social network of all time
I absolutely love it. It gives me an opportunity to keep in touch with long distance family and friends.
I like it
NO BIG BROTHERS WATCHING
It's hard to get on facebook
It takes up too much space on my phone and crashes. Now they're trying to force me to download messenger? Just use the mobile version, not the app. The videos auto play and either freeze the app or my phone anyway.
Very slow
Good aplication
Love it
It keeps shutting down.
THE STUPID CRAP STAYS OPEN EVEN AFTER I "CLOSE" IT! I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO GO TO TASK MANAGER TO CLOSE IT COMPLETELY! WHAT EVER Y'ALL DID IN THE LAST FEW UPDATES, YOU KILLED IT! IT'S JUNK!
Very nice
When I'm scrolling through my news feed, it'll randomly reset and scroll me all the way back to the top without me pressing anything. Really, really annoying.
It always says incorrect password I don't know what to do
Its very very good
The app keeps crashing after like 10 seconds please fix this
Dale
Can you disable or at least improve the swipe right or left. When viewing pictures in the news feed, after the last pic, it almost always seem to move to the messages panel and it can be quite irritating. I was not even swiping at the side of the screen but the center.
Kool

I can't see more than 90% of the pictures. What happened?
I like it I like love it!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate it cuz it puts all the facebook pics in my gallery
ENJOY  Facebook
Good
(Y)
The app works less and less. Even after updating. It's getting on my nerves and I'm about to just take it off my phone. Plus this same issue that i didn't delete before typing the new review.. ~~> (review from June) Before and after I updated the app, I still can't play any videos that are posted by people on my feed. It says page cannot be found. Why? ...same issue about a month later. Why..
Great
Can't stay on Facebook more than 30 sec. Can u fix it .
Since the last update this app is slow and unresponsive.  It turns itself off whilst doing the simplest of tasks.
shame

great updates so smooth
Babuloso
Face book
Awsome
Why, why, why did you decide to get rid of notifications when you view most recent? Now the app is useless because I don't want to see top stories and I want to see the notifications menu when in most recent mode. Why are you so determined to get people to view top stories?! People are not interested in the past.
Loved it
The app keeps on crashing constantly it so annoying. I have an ipad air and a 4th generation ipod which facebook out performs the tab 3 for an outdated device. You really need to fix that problem
This is a great app to find long lost friends and family.
The latest update killed it. Up to that point it would have been a 5, but now you can't click on any links without crashing. As long as you just scroll through the news feeds you're fine, but as soon as you want to view the story, pic, or video, it all falls apart.  Please get this fixed as soon as possible....I'm having withdrawals here!!!
App keeps getting worse and worse. Can not click onto a friend without it force closing...new update is awful!!!
I assume that it was your last "update" that made my Motorola M WAY too slow opening up on Facebook!  That is, if it opens up at all.  The App stops itself and completely dies, randomly.  And then I can't start it again.  This doesn't happen on my PC, so it must be the Android or Google App.  Fix it; I'm ticked.
Easy way to chAt with friends
Dont fix what's not broken! !  Latest update...  FB wont stay open for more than 5 seconds.... so annoying. .  Please get it together and fix this!
I like facebook because I get to chat with my friends and see what's going on in their lives and check out of the things
It's been crashing a lot since last update
After update it no longer loads
Cool down
Keeps crashing and when trying to respond to a post with a picture; and I pick a picture to post, my phone goes to a white only screen. Facebook seems to be getting worse than better.
Hard to see on tablet
Asking
Awesome
News feed never updates. Sometimes takes hours to get onto fb. Never can open links.
Can't be on for more than 4 second before getting kicked off
Incredibly resource intensive
Update froze app when I tried to open photo. Can only see that photo now even when I close it and reopen.  Don't  update until FB fixes it as its useless. FB fixed the freezing on my cell. Thanks will delete full comment later with 5 stars.
Keep it up.,
I hate that I have to update all the time ,,,,it freezes my phone ,what's wrong with you Facebook ?!?? You used to be the best ,but now i lost my interest in this ... :/?
Don't work..need repair
I love Facebook because u can text or see pictures of ur family members u have not seen in along time
Lots of people have a Facebook account. Its a good way to talk to people and post stuff you like its also a way you can share pictures with your friends . Yo Rican do a lot. But it has a hint of lies and drama
Took off because as soon as i get on fb it takes me off
Love it
I love friends
Since the app was updated I hate the way I now have to check notifications and most recent news feed!!! Who cares what some Ody posted a day ago...I want to be able to check my most current news feed without having to go through hoops...ugh...change it back!!!!
The app freezes when I scroll down, please sort these glitches out mark Zuckerberg
M
Since this last update, this app is junk.  It crashes after 1 to 2 seconds.  It won't even stay open long enough for me to log out of it.
I usually love this app and use it all the time. Ever since the last update, I cannot access someone's profile by clicking their name from a post of theirs. It's really quite annoying. Please fix this!!
The new updates suck...I'M constantly getting kicked off...and it hardly connects to the articles..
I loved it
new version
I love you
Nice
It doesn't deserve one star . Suck
App crashes every 10 secs.  Back to using the browser.
Hate new update can't use facebook on my tablet what's the point of having it then?????????  Please fix it, there's many people complaining about same issue!
Half the photos don't display, whether on wifi or 4g.. this app sucks
I really appreciate it and it works very well in my android phone.
Ok
It's the official app it gets the job done.
Ak
Good
Good brothet
Its really crap
if you can add a customize option who can view your post just like when you're using a computer.
The new update has kept me from opening the app period
Why can't I sort by most recent once and be done. I don't care about top stories.
All of a sudden my name ia too wack for facebook. Cant log in! Telling me to change my name... ﹞-﹞ wtf?
Not sure where to begin, the use of my resources, the constant growth, the fact that I have problems with my keyboard in it, etc. Horrible app.
It is my fun to you fb in every Where Iam
Facebook
Really hate the app
Slow and frezed
Okok
I like this facebook
Always force closing. Please fix this.
Slow and unresponsive.
Mkn
Y
Selangor MALAYSIA
This doesn't deserve any stars. Why is it when you guys get it working just fine, you have to throw another crap update our way? You have to go through too many steps to get to the "most recent" and even then it's showing stuff from 12 hours ago. These have got to be the worst updates I have ever seen for an app. We'd appreciate it if you would just leave enough alone. Like the old saying goes, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it."
Sooo slow and dont like that when I click on most recent I Cnt see if I have a notification
Ad ScarZ
Need first version
Facebook is the best
Stop updating !!
Why can't it write via Acer after posting aggggg
Facebook
This is bad!!!!!!  Same as everyone is saying cant go on comments and pictures just kicks you off sad
Used to work ok but now works for 30secs max before crashing on Samsung Galaxy Tablet. Re istalled but no joy!
Lovely
Ever since the update on my tablet i can't stay on fb for more than 30seconds, it just closes. A few friends have said the same.
Bad dont
What's not to like. Keeps me in touch with friends and family that I don't get to see very often.
it's good
Crashes after looking at my feed for a minute
Web Links now open to a FB browser that hangs. They all open fine in my tablet's browser. So its several extra steps now to read posts linked in my news feed.
Love it
Bullshit
Every time I try to open up facebook on my Samsung tablet 3 it closes on me
I like
There is no way to uninstall this app. I really hate the mobile version of Facebook.
New version is better then older one
Bring back messaging in 1 app
Anytime I try to comment or perform multi task the app jxt crashes.
Facebook
Fun
This app takes up to much space. Used to take up no more than 40 MB, now takes up to 136 MB on my phone. That's only the internal phone storage, not what's been moved to my SD card. Also if my phone sits in the same spot for longer than 2 minutes, it automatically jumps back up to the top of the story list.
Khalera
Not getting any pics on news feed after recent update. Keeps shutting down. Can't do anything. Obviously STILL NOT compatible with android 4.4.2.
Its okay
Good
Very nice and sweet
Always turn on my gps dislike it for dis pls fix
How hard is it to bring back the photo albums access to users who want to share specific pictures which have been taken since a long ago?
Notification
You find people I found my daughter lost contack but face book bango I found her thank you
Nice app
Pooja
Wont let me stay  on facebook for more than 3 seconds. It goes on news feed and when I scroll down it goes off back to my galaxy home screen . Please fix this!!!
Can't click names, once again it's garbage.
Closes after 20-30 seconds....
I love it.
Thanks
It sucks jk. Neegas
I want like four star in the rating
But it does not want to install, always it says insufficient space, and there is more than 30mb, why?
I love it all my freinds are on here. Yay!
Keep getting error message when the feed is trying to load or the feed just sits there and spins and never loads.
To view someone's profile, I have to click on his/her name 20-30 before it finally opens. Also, messenger keeps showing me previews of new messages but when I open the conversation, there's nothing new displayed.
Better then ever
Never had problems with fb before...now every 30 secs it just closes...can't even get down my news feed...sort it out Facebook each update makes the app worse. sent from galaxy S5
This app isn't working for me please fix it or i will not give you 5 stars
Before everything was on one page, at top of news feed was top stories, friend requests, notifications etc. Now I gotta go to a different screen to find all those things. Wish I could undo this last update. It was fine the way it was.
The previous update took the app to a reasonably unstable level. Now it is practically unuseable. If I go to my home page, the app knows better and goes back to my news feed. I have lost any control over it!  Let me revert back to last years version, it was a lot more stable.
Good
Fast please it slows the device
Good
Its ok
always f0rceclose
It's coo
Doesn't stay open for more than 30 seconds!
Facebook
Keeps droppimg me before I can use it.  I am almost ready to revert to old email totally.
Nice
Great
Very good
It freezes up and doesn't load
Love facebook like every one else but after the last update I open the fb app and will load fast and everything else fast but these new updated is really frustrating because is not loading and searching, as fast please fixed...
dami
sociel
Fack of
Hey guys
Now pictures won't load
I love this app and everything so much, but when I try going to a friends profile since the new update it won't let me view it at all. Please fix
Awesome
Tack
Facebook
It updated now it won't open at all and I can't uninstall the update
It good
Gebru
I keep updating and it keeps crashing! None of these updates have fixed my issue. My OS is up to date and I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab3.
When I go on Facebook keeps going back to home screen on phone after a couple of minutes
Badbadbad not fast
Really fun app to play!
Speed
After last update it wont close unless I force quit..which is annoying plz let the app quit by backing out if it.
I really like this face-book app..
You cant I stay on air
Since my last upgrade it's been awful. pics and videos have been uploading very , very slow , if at all. Pls fix
Doesnt works well stucks alot..uff n bugs not working would like to give it 0 star if ut wd be there...
Something has happened in the last week that causes my app to close out and not allow me to click on links and go to them. Please fix this now.
Keeps syncing my Facebook contacts with my phone contacts even though I change it daily to not sync them
Top app
Xxx
Can't comment on posts,it stays in posting mode but never goes through... Then when it does, it duplicates my comments- Samsung Galaxy S5
Awful app, when you're on your facebook,it disappears and then you have to log in again,waste of time!!!
Lovely.
It is not even getting started.
Can't see pics or news feed, takes too long to load
Facebook
New update sucks
I can't delete a post that somebody posted on my timeline. It says I liked pages that I didn't liked. Is getting boring. INNOVATION! Fast.

This pop up that comes up after I post things needs to go.  I hate it and I have no way the turn it off.  Please get rid of it or give us the option to turn it off.
After years with this app problems are starting. Not happy. My news feed won't refresh, I can't add a photo to my status update, and the feed goes back to top stories when I want the most recent. Sorry uninstalling.
Helps in research
Justly baptists
Please stop automatically refreshing my feed. It's very frustrating. By the time I'm done watching a video, I go back and the original post cannot be found. It's also acting very strange today. Can't like stuff. Says something went wrong. Thought there might be an update available but there's not. Restarted my phone. Same crap. Smh
G
Doesnt let like posts or comments or comment on posts.
I like it
Why is it so terrible now? Keeps crashing
Honestly, I dont know if its the App or the OS. It worked fine then my Samsung Tab 3 automatically upgraded from Android 4.2.1 to 4.4.2 and facebook has gone haywire since
When I login there is message saying you can't log in help me and I have 7 accounts can you delete all of them thank you
The permissions required go too far,  make a simple app for people who want to use Facebook without allowing it to take over their phone.
Not bad ...
I now have a Samsung Galaxy S5. The App is a bit bloated and slow even with a top-of-the-line phone.  Update 11/4 - Profile links to profile are not working. Ex. John Doe > Facebook group ... neither link will take me to the related timeline.
Why is FB so obsessed with forcing Top Stories on everyone???? Bring back the choice of most recent.   Also latest October update is a major drain on the battery.  It's constantly running more so than previous.
You fix one thing then break 10 other things, I'm so close to leaving Facebook for good.
Love it
Singh
It logged me out and for some reason won't let me log back in. Going back to the older version. Every update is getting worse.
Works ok on my samsung tab2 but crashes every 5 mins on my tab3. PLEASE FIX
What session expire mean to find? Atherwise will be given5
Social Media
Every 15 seconds facebook shut down automatically. With Samsung Galaxy Tab3. Problems started after last actualization.
Best
It's good
Had to reset data. Also, seriously needs the ability to tag pages when writing posts like web. It doesn't work.
I have a Galaxy S5. One month old. Always have problems with lock ups and slowness with FB app. Please fix.
Since the update while uploading photos it says the right amount at the top of the status but pics are missing from view. Also it wont load comments, statuses or profiles when I click on them. Wont let me comment. All my comments seem to disapear. This is the worst update yet. Get it fixed or I wont be using it anymore.
More enjoyable!
Update is rubbish won't load for more than 2 seconds! Therefore cannot use.....Please fix
You need a second app to get messages and it can't be turned off ...no privacy boo thumbs down
Constantly kicking me out then accuses me of a dodgy IP address and wouldn't let me in to my account which is bs not happy at all
Doesn't work to well anymore :(
After use  this app we feeling good.....but slow other
It doesn't load pictures, videos or much of anything
Will not load news feed!!!!!!!!!!
I have to repeatedly click on page/profile names (generally at least half a dozen times, if not more) to get it to open. Tried removing and reinstalling app, restarting phone, hard closing app...nothing works.
This style of fb is no good
Dot do dot dot do
Loves it
Like once. . Screen scrolls. . Like twice. . It's ok
Whats with the built in Browser that doesn't work properly??? And the "Turn off notifications" button on a persons status you've commented on STILL doesn't work, and why can't you share a photo from your phone straight to a group anymore ffs??? Its taken 5 years and its still cow pat!
I'm using it on my Samsung Galaxy S2. Every new version is slower and more buggy :(
Why can't I download it. I love this app. Please fix it.
Even worse than before!!!!
Pretty slow pls fix this quick
Too many bugs.  Please fix it.
I'm having problems with app it forces close and won't let me do anything
After update, Facebook closes without warning while I'm scrolling or looking at pictures. Also can't click links or peoples profiles anymore!
Awesome
It's a good way to keep up with friends and family
It kicks me off after 5 second fix it
Urodub hgzy
Gd food
Seems to keep kicking me out. Poor.
Bord of it needs spicing up
Perfect for my pantyhose, nylon and stocking feet... No shoes allowed group
Dont download waste of time gonna ask u mad crap nd will act up
News feed is still crappy as the older version.
It keeps on asking for updates everytime
FIND PEOPLE
So Nice
New update sucks!!!!
It's still not working right
It is very slow in loading really even the old form is better than this
Just fair!
Facebook
After an update facebook keeps crashing on my samsung galaxy tablet. Randomly keeps shutting down facebook while scrolling. PLEASE fix it!
I try to view a friends profile and it takes.for ever
Impossible to use. Too many crashes.
trying to install wont let me
Muchas publicaciones no me deja verlas!!!

Facebook is the best app in the whole world
Facebook is getting worse all the time just about to delete my account and go to something else or the phone if I want to or need to talk to someone
I love it
I'm already upset about FB messenger, but this is ridiculous! I'm so tired of trying to use this app. It has been unusable since the last update. It keeps closing every time I open it. Can't do anything with it. I will uninstall it.
Cannot unfollow posts after commenting so get bombarded with notifications. Please bring back the unfollow post option
Take up much time to load
Rumors
It's ok
Not very good
36583258
It's  very good, love the way it visualizes... cool
Things on the news feed show up in the most random order, scrolling through pictures takes forever, it's a pain in the butt to navigate through... the messaging/pic uploading is fine but other than that... nope.
Nice4
It won't let me on it I had to yous browser !
Shenika Brock
Never used to have this problem but now, the second I start to scroll down my news feed it cuts of and goes to the homepage of my phone (Samsung s5), very annoying problem that needs sorting asap!
Update is rubbish won't load for more than 10 seconds! Therefore cannot use.....Please fix
Update utterly useless...no longer opens on news feed...stops and starts...slow working...please fix
Horrible
good app but my profile wont page load just says error loading timeline please fix
STILL needs work!!!
Facebook is always been the best social networking
8080
F9
This new update is useless.. I have to click many times to open someones profile...
X
The original (well nearly) and the best social networking site that gets better and better.
Plzzz make it faster in all mobiles... .
Easy to use
Good
Lags!
Love it
Since the last update Facebook always has trouble opening the news feed on my tablet. Have uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times on my LG Android tablet . works fine on my LG Android phone.  This needs to get fixed!  It used to work fine before the last update! Read the reviews, I'm not the only one having issues with it!
Since the new update I haven't been able to sign into Facebook while connected to my home WiFi. All my other apps work just fine except Facebook and Instagram. The weird thing is that if I turn off my phones WiFi both apps work just fine.
Upgrade is terrible, only stay in for 10-15 secs then closes..terrible
Socializing
Amazing
Very good
Loading socks . keeps kicking me off 5 to 15 seconds.  Frustrating sort it out.
Mobile site still works better.  You have to open up a status to see if anyone commented on it or liked it, since it doesn't show on the feed....super annoying.  Most recent should be the default feed view, and why the hell does the top toolbar disappear when I view most recent?!
Great..
Not good now
Blood hair hazel eyes
For one the older versions  sony xperia z2 or z3
Loved it
Constantly crashes since the last update every time I click on an external link because it wants to open it within it's on browser.....absolutely useless until it's fixed!!!!
ABDUL
Nyc
Its alright but it tales up too much memory!
Just simply loved it.
terrible! Updated on my samsung tab 3, and now it freezers and goes back to my home screen, after few seconds. Cant even uninstall the update,
I love this app
Latest update means I can longer see pictures on phone as they won't download.well done
It stops on its own .... please do fix...... and it lacks thumb down
No complaints at all amazing and easy to use app xx
Socializing must
Good
Can't turn off notifications like I could with the last update like when someone comments on something.
Why facebook is not responding :O
Every 10 seconds or so, the app crashes. Has been an issue for the last month or 2. Please fix. Messenger app works
Love
Always crashing on my Samsung Tab 3 since update.  Not worth a star !
Find friends
Chawda
After last software update and app update it keeps lagging, and closing itself at every 10 minutes...
Opening links now leads to opening in a weird fb thing instead of just going to the installed internet browser. That's stupid. Get rid of it
Doesn't play videos at all starts and stops and completely dumps me out of all programs
Trying to understand why I have to download messenger for fb this really sucks..... I guess I'll go on my CPU to check my messages from now on.
Won't open. Tried restarting phoncd, force closing app, everything... please fix.
Man

Polomolok
Where are my videos? Seriously i made a video of mine and my moms pets that have died or been rehomed and i uploaded it but now i cant find any of my video uploads
Ok sometime it takes time to open
Keeps kicking me off. Samsung Galaxy S4
Its a great way to keep in touch with friends and family but is slow
Every time I check my messages it says I don't have any but on the internet it says I have one.
It keeps force closing when I try to post on someone's wall and occasionally when I go on someone's wall fix this
Doing great
Update version not opening the photos.when I am click the photo app not responding to open photo to tag or download
Error loading timeline/stories on timeline. Please fix. It seems most bring more issues.
Great
:-) great
Nice  fb
;)
private
What can you say. Possibly the best social media app out there.
I hate the new look and how it freezes ! My husband and I have the same phone and it has different features in mine I can still change the news feed on his we can't!
W.w.l
Sucks
Love it but it runs slow on my LG optimus f6
What's going on with the upgrade? Photos won't load, slow etc. Please fix!
Zix
Its not getting install ... please help ! Shows error 492... y r u guys not paying attention to me ???? Wat the hell is this fb kindly help :/
It's Amazing
Pessimo, uso a pagina da net.
This is a social network which develops sociality with the distant ones but breaks with the neighbouring ones;Helps to find the lost friends but push us to lose ourselves.
Always freezing its rubbish
No feeds
It logs me out all the time.
552021
Its great
Please do not compel for msngr. U must not hide the msgs in order to forcefully accept the msngr.this is worse marketing.
Eh
I have never had any issues with this app! It works great on my Samsung Galaxy S4.  So I'm not sure what all the complaints are about.  The only thing I don't like about this app. Is that it stays running on my phone even after force closing it. And it drains my battery. So I just uninstall it after I use it. Otherwise I'd give a 5 star.
Loved it
Toooo goooood
Can't play videos??? Fix.
Nice
What happened to this app? Why do i have to have most popular/trending instead of most recent in the main screen? & why can i not view notifications whilst on most recent!?!?!?! This app is only becoming worse!!!!
Is now too bad,please do something about it  we can not use fb everything has change very bad
Friends around the world.
Just about the worst  facebook app I have used so far. Just don't understand why it decides to get independent when working on timelines. Fix the auto exit problem or you gonna run outta subscribers. For now, take away this spooky version. As for me, I'm uninstalling this nowwwww!!!!
Why does fb try to still keep you on it ? I just would like to be able to click a link and use my own browser tf. So annoying definitely going to be on TSU more !
What happened?  I am booted off after opening the app up!  I have tried installing and reinstalling this doesnt help.  I do hope this is fixed soon or I will not use this app.
Haha
That's really superb!
Muzamal 1990
Mirzamankhan
Every time I receive a new notification, it defaults to an unrelated post that I replied to days ago. But, never the post that I was notified of.
Brilliant app love it
My "Cover Photo" keeps Disappearing, Videos take forever to load!!! PLEASE FIX THE PROBLEM!!!
Update is Shite!!!!!!!!!
Facebook has been nothing but a pain every single time it gets updated. This time they've really done it by removing the option to turn off notifications on a post. I'm so sick and tired of getting notifications on posts! I don't want to see what everyone else is commenting on a post read by hundreds of others! And why am I forced to go elsewhere to find my friends' most recent updates? I liked seeing the new stuff, not the most popular stuff. Facebook, get a f*****g grip or I'm seriously done!
It's realy bad that , have to download fb messanger..
When trying to view friends it tells me "disconnected from Internet" fix it u dummies
Logout hone mein apps off ho jati hai, update is very bad......no speed, Bakwaas
1) takes too much space          2) needs another freakin app for messaging                              3) automatically shuts down at any time                                 4) its way too slow                                 5) shows notifications very late                                             conclusion: its useless
Awsome app....
Hate that it randomly scrolls all the way to the top
I love it :D
Good apps
I like it
Photo&vediomusic
Mmh
This application is very good. Although, it would be better if you could edit comments, also you cannot remove comments in the new update. Please fix this problem. Thank you
I can't turn off notifications from a post because the arrow on the top right corner disappeared in new update. Fix it. Also the quality of pictures become low after upload.
The best
fuuuuuuuuuu!
Can't tag friends in comments anymore.
What on earth is wrong with this app now? It continually closes for just about every action I try to make!! This started with an update and now it seems it is not getting fixed. Please?!
Great way to see how family and friends are doing.
Goof
It uploaded 3 pictures out of my phone by itself. .
I like this app
Wack
Very nice i love it
Everything I open the app it kick me out... it never responds
I
It is a very very good way to knew the view and expiration  about any reaction of some one
I think last update make by hacker......bulshit dman shitt........close your update.....huh
Thanks
Great
Very nice app
Can't scroll beyond a certain point. It crashes. Fix!
Being stucked & kicked out
Gd 1
The new update has caused it to not even be able to open on my Galaxy tab 3. I open it and it's unresponsive. Please fix, everyone in the reviews is having problems, as well.
I'm starting to hate this app because It forces me to download Facebook messenger and I hate Facebook messenger because it barely works please fix and I'll rate 5 stars
Akhi afroja
2 complaints that are making this growingly difficult to use. 1. It randomly scrolls up from what I'm looking at. Which I then have to attempt to scroll back and find what I was reading. 2. It disabled opening links with an external browser. Found the setting to switch it back so I updated to an additional star but wish it hadn't just changed up.
Wont play videos 
A way of knowledge
Crashes when scrolling through feed, but not when scrolling through groups. Pile of. ...
Force closes
Thanks
Ird ok
Its cool just hate the removal of messages unless you have messenger.
I can't even open Facebook anymore, it's only showing a white screen, and I've reinstalled a few times and rebooted my phone as well and it's clearly an app problem. Please fix. Nexus 4
Loved it
love allwys win
Locks up every time I open it! Can't even use it at this point!
Good
This app is wonderful and gives irresistible experience of  being connected with frnds.......
For an older version
I see that ios facebook app is alot more fluid and it has so much better transions then the android app please do something about that and make facebook even better!
Me
Every time I click on it , its says it not responding. So I have to go on the actually site to go on Facebook. Very disappointed.
Kumar
Runs slow and then automatically updates and scrolls to the top when I am trying to read a post. Takes forever to open during the RARE times I don't get the force close message!
As
Good application
Great app takes a bit to get used too but good 4 the tablet
Noticed today my battery was draining, Motorola Maxx battery powerhouse. Checked battery status, fb was third behind screen and OS. Wow! Signed out of fb and force stopped, two hours later.....hmmmm fb still third in rank, neck and neck with the OS. I might not be able to kill it but sure as heck can delete it....bye
Good
Love it
Love it works just fine on my samsung galaxy s4
Totally unstable, have lost count of how many times I've uninstalled and reinstalled Facebook in the past two weeks. Please fix it!
I love this app
I like Facebook
Happyness '
Wont stay logged in. Kickes you off after just seconds
Shortandsexy
This is the best version.
Good app but occupies more memory space
Good but Instagram is definitely better
i cant tag my friends in a post! please help! and solve this bug!
You should give android wear more access and u should add a sort by on posts and a search for post to make it easier to find and older post or a save to favorites option. And if the abilities are on point I would hands down give it a five star rating:)
Keep on downloading it
Kicks me off every 30 seconds sooo slow aswell ..uninstalled and reinstalled to see if it helped nada even worse !!
Don't force messenger.
Best
Can't stay on facebook:( after new update :( plzzz fix this immediately. ..my facebook stops working when looking for any kind of notifications.
Crashes after several seconds, unable to access, update or post comments.  Needs definately sorting out fast!
Recent feed is jacked up.  You have to go to separate area, then back to check notifications.  Inconvenient, frustrating and senseless.
5star :-)  Aallllla mind bowling... Thank for update :-)
When I back out of the app (using the back button) the app stays active.. I have to go into my active apps and kill it. Battery drain!!!
nice but it would be better if we can put photos in comments like in web
Doe Not downloaded app on to my droid phone
Good
as591275262
Can't  always connect with games
I find lots of lost friends by Facebook..
I just love it.
It is amazing and awesome
Samsung sent me a new update for my galaxy tab3 10.1 now facebook is working better now thank you!!!
This ap will stop showing updated news feed and the loading circle will just keep spinning. I tried everything including uninstalling and re installing. It only helps temporarily then the trouble starts again
Super slow loading news feed and say cant connect to server even with WiFi

It won't let me stay for longer than 15 seconds please fix it and also it uses too much memory-.-
The app is coooooool
bi gx
Don't know why the app doesn't do everything the full page does. Also having to use messenger is ridiculous. I don't want another intrusive app taking up space on my phone.
My friends share photos,videos,mesej and meny more fast send and recieve. Thanks commu......
Does not work on Galaxy Tab 3, crashes/closes within seconds of launching the app
Face book app
Pj
Whts the fu******ng APP never work proper....
What a pile of rubbish after this update cant stay on for longer than a minute before it crashes..think its time to ditch this pile of s......e
Cant stop using a singel day
Won't load pages in internal browser. Still shows messages but can't view without messenger which is a waste of memory. Facebook please for god sake make your app stream lined and not so memory intensive. Your are a bloated useless app that doesn't allow multitasking and is prone to crash. Remember when you used to be a cool innovative company? Let's get back to that

Very satisfactory!
Nice but need to upgrade more like newsfeeds and messenger
Hey... I like this app very much.. but can u make it more lite so that it take less space and work fast.. juss work on it..
What are you all doing? This update sucks!
I tried to open the app but it kicks me out and I didn't just give up I tried to reuninstall the app but its still kicking me out I don't like the new update pls fix it u know the app is better before but you just turn this worse pls fix tnx
Useful for friends which are far from each other
Sddrg
Won't update over Wi-Fi. Usability seems to get worse with every new update. App keeps saying check your internet connection. It's fine, Facebook isn't.
Facebook has it's own unknown browser to navigate the other sites. Such as YouTube videos from Facebook won't play on YouTube app. Really disappointed.
Nice
No comment just use
MACH
This is amazing app
This app is useless.  Just keeps kicking me out.  Fix it or get rid of it.  It's like being back in the 90's with those old dinosaur computers that you kept getting kicked out with.  Wake up guys and do something.
When I click on a name link it does absolutely nothing
Why does the app close after 5 seconds? Awful compulsory update, when it ain't broke don't fix it, comes to mind.
Love  is love
Love it
simply luv it
Good app
CV
I like the face book it is an interesting thing
Very Good
Facebook
Time pastttt
Always no need to login in my pc to check out posts.

After numerous updates, this app has been consistently stable. Would like contact sync on KitKat though.
Good
This is 2nd time I am reinstalling this app as it was not loading photos properly even at 20mbps speed....
Social Network
Can't use my messages on face book and,I keep getting logged off saying session timed out
App crashes after 10 seconds. Unable to scroll through my news feed. Shoddy work Facebook.
Very useful
Nycc app but covering lots of space in may phone
(*_*)
Amazing app,just needed some improvement that's it.
Ayanmalek
love it
Facebook is a great way to connect to friends!.
Meling
Worst than ever...even when I have great service coverage it rarely refreshes my newsfeed or populates photos.
Hi
12345
Love it
Fantastic app
Used to work fine but now throws you out when using this as a mobile app. Not just Samsung but iPad and Sony devices.
needs an event button on pages!
Abi
Haaaaaaa
I try to open it and it only logs out
Love it
Niyaz
It doesn't  let me on for a few seconds please fix it
Such a battery hog!  And I hate that it keeps bugging me to use the chat app which is also very annoying!
I gett  all the latest updates by this app
Facebook had failed to replicate its success in mobile app. New app is much much better as it is elaborate, easily managable and swift. Only thing missing in this is the Tickers that is shown in computers. The search feature has been lightening fast and so is switching between departments. It's one of the best apps in business.
Good aap. Its fast and cool
Facebook
Busted again.
Facebook app is getting closed when i click on notifications and messages in version 20.0.0.25.15
David quinton
Since the latest update I haven't been able to select other people's profile. When someone posts something, I can't click on that person's profile and view it. Not cool!
Bhai bhai
Super
Paaa
This Fb application update is worst then ever.. i hate to use this stupid app.. every time i wanna check notification i have to keep pressing back button :/ till it come to home.. and if was on a post.. i dont know whts happening on others :/   #uninstalling FB 
Is awsm app for every one
Doesn't stay open closes all the time please fix it
Everytime I try to click on someone's name in my news feed it brings up the comment page and never to the person's page. No matter how many times I try.
Jay ho
ratan
This is a powerful diseas
Bhagraj
Reyes
Itz always the best
Too slow
When i clicked read more, it goes to comment
When I go to click on someone's name on my wall it won't let me look at their page. I can only click on the people's page that are my friends. It wasn't like this before the update.
Facebook
Deleting this as soon as I'm done with the review. This messenger app is BS. I can't wait wait for the next social network to take you all down. Are you all so incompetent you don't realize nobody likes the mandatory messenger app? I already have a texting app, i dont need 2. And don't even get me started on the insane amounts of permissions you people insist on just to run an app.
Eeth
Great app
I love this app
Scrolls at Rammmnom times
When I click on names it doesn't take me to their page. Note 4
Bad
boring design.need something new
Always hang up and closed by it self!
Its very faster
Sux
Facebook won't reload the news feed
I love fb
This a good ap because you get in touch with people who you know from other contries like me I live in england but my family lives in philippines
Nt tht gud
Smh
cannot report people's account&page that contains violations....feedback about facebook poor service also cannot send
Nice
Can't click on friends name on news  feed to go to there profile page but used to be able to updates need  to make things better not worse..... time to change Facebook  going downhill fast
Live
Oh pls pls  fix the Facebook it's not yet fixed
Whatever I post via YouTube doesn't appear on my wall no matter how many times I refreshes it.
Keeps me in touch witg all my relatives and friends
Goooooood
Since the new update it won't let me connect too any of my games! Can this please be fixed
every News feeds automatically  always back to the 1st page. @#$!             #back to the browser, much better
Facebook working normally on mobile data but not working on wifi all apps working normally on wifi except facebook!?
after update i can't  play the video pls.. fix this and you'll get 5 star.. thankz,,, anyway its good
Good
Still sucks... no messaging,  takes way to much space, ram and battery, and why does the news feed update and interrupt me when I'm reading taking me clear back to the top??? Get it together Facebook!
Ok
It's ncy
Nothing to say
Not nice
Your apps are not right compared to my tablet by Samsung, i am not the only one having problems with this, as soon as facebook is turned on it jumps off, please fix this
Does not respond way to often.  Doesn't like to load either
Facebook
It is fun
Good
It's a nice
New version Galaxy S2
Hi
Problem with your update..... FB not working properly....
Updated and now can't open without the app closing itself. At best get a few seconds use before it closes. Come on facebook, get this sorted
I open it and it closes 5 seconds later
Junaid Junaid patriotic
Very good aaps
Great app for Communication :)
Is okay
vgcxh
It keeps crashing & i cant upload my videos !! I think it was much better before the update!
salmon
Best app
Mmmmm
Better
Terlalubaik

My Mobile Facebook is not opening all of a sudden..please  fix it...
Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiiiiiiccccccccccccccccceeeeeeeeeeeeeee app

Its awesome xxx
Most of the time it doesn't load, but when it does, when u try 2 scroll ur gallery 2 upload a pic it crashes
Super app
Please allow user to watch video in installed video player apps, instead of built-in FB video player that are incomplete.
Omg like Facebook is DA life everyone NEEDS to get it and if u don't wow what a looser
Great app to have on all device's
Very bad
love this app
Boy
Iove
Love it
Facebook
Can't stop notifications form a tagged pic  after the latest update.. fix this pls
Can't remove tags...
Everyone it right don't work
I can no longer open pictures from pages that I follow from my timeline with the new update please correct asap
My tablette get freeze when I log in
best app
Hate it!
O iloveplaystpre
Excellent
Ok
Congratulations Facebook you have managed to make your app worse.
I h
Good
Fb is the good site for the communicate of friends
Good app.....
Crashes within a few seconds. Unusable.
New update really sux....poorly designed...
It keeps crashing every time I open it wtf is going on with this app, I remember when it was good FIX IT
loved  it
Somewhat improved. Still missing some useful features & I hate that chat is now separate.
I have to restart my phone just to log in to Facebook
Since facebook has updated on my Samgsung Tab 3 its been absolutely rubbish, log in, few a couple of feeds then logs out again, finding it so frustrsting so I have uninstalled the app
Very slow keeps freezing
Cbs
Love the flat style, but still need improvement on performance and connection.
I like this I give five stars
984984
Marlinlan83
Good
Together 2 in 1 app
Surat
Does nothing but crash since last update
It takes so long to load that it times out. I can't check anything or post. I can't even use Facebook on my phone now. Since last update. Fix please.
Thay put cruel things up
Very slpwly downloading
Loved it
Dhap bazar
Loved it
Since updating last update seems to be problem with news feed loading keeps asking to retry connection. could it be fixed soon please.
It helps me keep up with my friends
Very nice
Like
Why is the default page top stories still? I do not want to see 3 day old statuses. Most recent should be the default. I end up commenting on a dead status and looking like a stalker.
Very good
This app great like me
Very good app . It makes easy to open Facebook.
It's constantly crashing. I was trying to wait it out. After a month of this I'm uninstalling. Hope that you folks @ fb fix it soon. I did like it. I know that you've a lot of people to supply.
T
Cool
Was addicted to Facebook on my Android tablet.  Latest update ruined it!  Keeps cutting out back to my homepage.  Worst of all, the posts are blacked out!  I can see the photos, but the text looks like it's been redacted by the CIA.  What good is Facebook when you can't read the posts?!?
Mehta
Nice UI and  navigations
Awful  really hate this app, totally annoying and irritating app.
The new update keeps crashing after 5 sec !
Nice
Hang hota hai mobile i hate this app
From mongolia
It would be nice to have mood categories. For example, political posts. One day I may find that interesting and be in a mood to read people's thoughts and posts. Or maybe I only want to see new pictures posted by my friends. This can be divided up to recipes, things for sale, holiday related, games, personal posts, quotes and songs. We all like FB for different reasons. So if I only want to see pictures that all I have to see.
Bhut hang krta hai yaar.....
since the last update, the app hangs a lot, does not close and consumes battery a lot unless it's forced to close!
Liked it
Search is not working
Can't get on while connected thru Wi-Fi! Says "sorry can't load news feed" and it's not my connection that's bad. I can get on all my other apps!
Ok
Yes.this  apps is very nice
Will not work on my samsung galaxy 3. What happened to you facebook.  Very disappointed
it works.very slow like a turtle very bad
When you click links from the Facebook app you're forced to open them in a Facebook browser, and it's very difficult to find how to turn it off. When introducing the new browser "feature", give the option to turn it off right then and there. Also, getting back to Facebook from the Facebook browser article is slower than hitting the back button from chrome.
I don't have many problems on face book its only when I put a photo on it take's a long time to download beside that I'm happy with it
I had to uninstall it bc it keeps kicking me off and freezing my phone and now trying to reinstall and its not allowing me at all
To cool for school
ChaChRa bhau
Super
Ok
Facebook
I had to read 5 day ago news in new feed. wtf
It is always closing itself and makibg slow my phone plus i hate that it's a default aplication i wish i could just delete it
Facebook
Face rot on samsung note 2
It was a 5star app since last update but it keeps crashing crashing and crashing fix it as soon as possible
Malcolm Williams
Takes much time to load....
nycoo
imon
Bimbang556
Good
Good
Was my timeline keeps coming up with things from  yesterday
My News feed won't load anymore this needs to be fixed
Awesome app in all
Stop updating it please
Lovved it
China
Since the update as I click on something it crashes and so does the messenger please fix this asap other wise I will remove if I could give less then 0 rating I would
I have been trying to download Facebook since morning and even after long run its not being installed what could be the problem? Help me out please
Need much more improvements.....                  Always laggy.....               Now Tierd of this app
Good
When i am signing in the loading makes me sick
best from fb users
I M loving it
Vipul kapadya
Thanks
The app opens for 2 sec then it crashes :/
Please stop the video pausing when I just want to see how much time is left on it. I know it's minor, but it's also very annoying
Keeps me and friends in touch :-)
Nice
My samsung galaxy 5 and facebook are not working together.I have reported at least 7 or 8 times and it still kicks me out everytime I try to do anything with it.This never happened until 2 months ago. I use facebook on other devices without a problem let just my galaxy has problems.FIX THIS PROBLEM NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I loved this app
Good
Facebook rocks
Nice app to deal with
Excellent
Unable to scroll down past 3 posts before it freezes up and you have to restart your phone and start all over again only to have it do it again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again....annoying isn't it?!?!? -nods- the app has driven me back to the web for all my facebooking needs. Good luck getting your shat together, I'll check back in a week.
This update sucks
Facebook is a great way to find family, friends, and even businesses. No problems with application itself :) :)
Too slow to download
U get. Worse everyday.   Force close...... we've complain enough...... too slow
Great chatting
Takes a lot of time to star please fix it
Useless app
Always Crashing . And Can you please design the Messenger in phone only?
Google
My friends say they keep getting bombarded with stickers from me in their comment section. I never posted any. Please fix
Ive been waiting for months and yet not compatible for Xperia E1
Love together forever
I love dis app
Updated recently and now it won't work on my data I have to connect it to WiFi to get it to work and this is the only app doing this I've tried re installing and clearing the memory nothing seems to work fix your broken stuff please this is on a note 2
super
good applilcation :)
It run very fast on intex guyss its awesome try it guys try it
Lovely
Best
nice
Disappointed in this update too. Constantly having to re-log in.. Force close, force close, force close, force close... Sticks on certain notifications. FB location says I'm in Florida!!! I've never even been!!
good
Hu
Amazing
Nice work
Good
Bakwas
Dr. Rakesh maurya
Even at 2mbps speed photos takes too much time to load,and sometimes it doesn't even load.It's better to use fb in opera mini or uc browser. App sucks.
Notification of received message doesnot show of new update also wasted internal momory in my samsung galaxy pro duos 5512 Doesnot logout of new version
no
I LIKE YOU
Stupid couldn't open the app and if I did it said setting up Facebook
Facebook
Okkkkk
Hy
Very old style
Awesome!
Good
Pakyu tangina nyo
working not correctly. WHY?
Too nyc and easy to use
I love it! It's really good but sometimes this facebook app force me to stop doing something. Will you please fix this? That'swhat i hate when i use this. Thanks"
With last update I can't go to profiles and pages through my wall, terrible
Air
Hey
Crash
Cannot post status on Samsung Galaxy S3, app  crashes and have deleted and re downloaded 3 times! Sick of this apps performance! Get a real developer already! For a multi million dollar company you are useless Facebook!
jabarjust
Vgy
Won't let me scroll through news feed. Kicks me off
Facebook is teribble...bad application
Can't get on th app and when I could it would just quit to my desktop
ram
Like
yekdi
Londi's
Omgggg i love it :*
So slowly..
It z my fav apps....
Best app ok
Good
Jai Ho
Read
Intrusive
Not sure why they would integrate the browser, that was unnecessary and is a nuisance as I now can't keep anything for later without copying the URL.
it is a process to communicate to others
My feed barely refreshes so I see the same updates constantly.
That application is good for using Facebook....and latest version is awesome...
Newsfeed is not working. Reported  meny times.  But no result..
Awesome!!
slmn
Cool
When i touch the timeline button,it doesn't want to load the timeline and its also closed the fb app automatically..i'm using Xperia Miro..So,fix the problems as soon as possible..
This app occupies too much storage!
It's awesome :-D
Works good
Ever since I updated, I can't see any pictures or video. Very disappointing. I know you won't fix it so two stars for you
Yet again I should not have updated.  Now I am unable to turn off notifications for posts that I have commented on.  Why did you take this option off?
The new update disables my account to go to "activity log". Please fix it ASAP! 5 stars if fixed
can't see notification..boo
Iook to my pic   Facebook
Its good.....really good.
But I can't upload my photo using my phone to fb, please fix it.
I have 100mbps speed even though it quits automatically in 15-20 seconds common fix it guys!!!

The app is not that bad but it's a whole lot better than going on the internet
Not able to post, view or do anything else on fb from my phone because it kicks you out after 10 to 15 secs. Please correct this issue NOW!
Not too bad
Good
how many times I need to update Facebook?
Tony montana
Suuuuuuuuuuuuperb.....
Not good work   & lack my mobile.
The new update has some problem..crashes all of a sudden . .
Freeze on video's
Vryy sloww
This is a fabulous aap and I am loving it...
What's up with this app kicking me off??! Now I'm going to have to log on through Google using Facebook mobile.
Keeps getting more crappier each time stop upfating this s crap frezzing my phone, things wont load. Everytime i log out it takes like an hour frezzesy phone and restarts it
After an update, everythings seems to be working correctly.
Awesome app!!must install
The app gets worse with every update. You took away the notification bar when you leave the main screen, which means we have to hit the back button to go somewhere else. Photos take forever to load; horrible. Cannot click on a person's name to go to their profile; link is broken. The previous version was not perfect, but it was definitely better than this update. Fix it!
Slow
uuuui
My next level is not opening fix it
Awk Mn nie
Not updating
Lovee
Anyone else having issues with videos or pics loading? Know its not my phone beacause youtube works just fine!
Niamat
Superb
Its awsme
Das swami sakrenor
Raja khan
But some of you guys having a trouble in the latest update if you have a trouble goto settings apps tap facebook then tap uninstall updates if your phone can do that if the word is just uninstall don't tap that. hope I help peace :)
Like
The app loaded just fine. But the app wouldn't even launch properly after I entered my information.  And now your app has gotten plenty of data off of my phone and I receive nothing in return.
Signing in is ok at times it's logging out that seems like it takes FOREVER!!! Please fix it.
I wish i didn't update the old one was better!!! Ugh
I love this app . this is a great app.
Its garbage! Keeps force closing or kicking me off.
Loved it
No new feeds,  not able to navigate in it,  back to use web version
I can't believe that there is such a difference between iOS and android for this app. I have a oneplus one so one of the most powerful device out there and fb is still slower and not as smooth as on an iPhone 5 which is 3years old!!     It's not like android would represent more than 80% of the smartphone market in the world...
Everytime I scroll down through my news feed it stops working it just seems to crash
778899
Since installing messenger, my fb shuts down after a few seconds. It freezes,or goes to black screen too. Uninstalled messenger and it still shuts down every few uses. Not happy! I saw that another user had the same exact problem. Update: still shuts down on Android. Do u devs ever read complaints and fix? Can't even open it now :(
Post's are out of order by date and time . It refreshes at will even when you are reading posts.
New update sucks its that simple
081951787
Best app used ever
555star's
Loved it

Best
life more beautiful
I can't open my photos or other people's photos. It keeps crashing useless...I am ready to delete.The news feed takes to long to load. Also it takes to.long to get a notification Then when the notification is loaded it does not always load.
Facebook fun loving channel
Last 2 (or 3) version is using high memory and cpu overall. It will not close with double back, you must close it manually :/ What did you changed please back!
It automatically get close. .. only 6 months worked fine
Good
my first time
Very good
Bakwas
Slow. Don't even know where to start with all the issues

Its a very fast on android
Fabulous
Cant even download it with out a problem
Please fix
What happened to facebook? After so many updates, the quality of the service we get is also getting slower..it took time for me to sign in and most of the time i got kicked out..even when posting some status, comments,or viewing photos..i give 1 star for this new version of facebook..i'm so disappointed!
Time pass
I logged out nd when i try to log in error came..I reinstall the app but the problem is not solving....please do something Facebook!!"
No
Chanti rajaks
I want to use my chrome.....
Nice software
Videos will randomly not play. Have to close and reopen the app for them to work.
.
Suka2
I know you also like
Nothing
When I hit the navigation keys on the top to go to the next page they disappear I have to back up to the beginning to get them back. That app sucks right now.
Thanks
So good
App
Good
I read what's new and after using the update it made me laugh
Hop
Just loved it
You need reinsert password when you read message from email and so slow to open
Love it
Rate
error loading my timeline and newsfeed started this morning
it easy to use
It's time to chit chat....
Keeps shutting down within 10 seconds on my samsung tab3. Since the update. I AM NOT AN EXCEPTION with this problem. I wish I could give -5 stars! Please google on   Facebook shuts down on Android   or   Facebook shuts of with iPhone   or   Facebook shuts down on ipad a.s.o. Facebook blames Samsung for the fault and the other way around! Come on FB. Correct the bug asap.
Asus zenfon5
option to turn off notifications for particular posts not seen in new update?
Ulanbator
It's woderfull

None of the pictures in my news feed will come up now,  just gray boxes
Nice
23
Facebook
Super
I'm all for streamlining the experience, but the new web experience is not quite right. Whenever you go to view a gallery, the back button does not bring you straight back to Facebook. The user instead is forced to repeatedly push the back button until they arrived back in Facebook. Please fix this, or add an option to exit back to Facebook with one click. Thank you.
Good
If i log off its always session expired!!!
Wowee  Moo
K
I always lost my last conversation when open another aplication. When open fb again its start from begining. Worse must find last conversation i left.
Pictures never load in the new update.
Good
Great aap! Its a great app ... loving it ..but at times it is force close for no reason
It is slow, it takes up way to much room, it reverts to the top post wile I am scrolling that is very annoying. Just to name a few things The list goes on and on
Awesome
Only one thing is slow down your phone system
As.    Vvf s CVS.  Cache CBS dddddddd  ,,d.   D,g. Axis AZd,as g
Good
Is my life is my news in my heaet
So easy
When share any thing what that page I hate it ... images some times not appear ..... I cant stop notifications when I go to it by Facebook  notification and I cant unfollow any post like last update !!
Facebook is my lovely application.thanks this to attached with myself in happy & sorrow moments.
cant open any pictures since the update!!! fix it please!
Takes  a lot  of space(like 70 MB)
As soon as i open facebook, it closes dwn agan. Remains at most 5 6 secs. Cant access my profile as well
Saisai
Its log i dont like fb in phone anymore 2 stars for it ... Its 1 star but im good its 2 stars for now soo big MB  u can use its soo BIG MB OF ROM.... Disliked
Very slow......bt cool
Keep saying Facebook is not responding. But it use to respond to me all the time before i had to download that stupid messenger
Gr888
i love you sadiya jaan
Very nice.
Terbaik
What happened??? I get absolutely NO notifications to my phone at all anymore!!! Fix immediately please!!!!
Older version was very good but now the new update is working very slow not happy with this
Good
Gdu
Good
Got someone report my friends

Awsme
Excellent
My top news feed gets cut off at the very top. I can no longer see the name of person who last posted. If I try to scroll up it refreshes my page.... this just happened outta nowhere.
Its a very very good app
Please fix! It won't load profiles or let me click on names to view profiles!
Will not allow me to log in.  Just sends a message that says my phone number is incorrect over and over and over.  I know my phone number, it's correct!  Facebook app, you're wrong!  I can't use it at all.  So frustrating!
Very good
The notifications page closes after the latest version updated.

I lke it is very social helpful
Oo
This last update screwed up everything again. Wish I could undo it.  I haven't been able to "tag" people for months now.  There is no way anymore to turn off notifications on specific posts anymore from the notification tab.   You have to go to the page and scroll through the whole thing to find the post where it can be turned off.   Ridiculous.  Here we go again with crappy updates apparently 
Now unable to post pictures. App shuts down
Used to be brilliant but for the past week feeds wont load, cant log out, cant view my pages...terrible!
Its being slow and slow.
I like it!
Amazing
Use Friendcaster if you are looking for a better Facebook experience !
smart
love thiss <3
Not too much better
I just want it to go back to the old Facebook.  When we were able to only see new status updates.  I dont wanna see anything from 15hrs ago.
superb
Decent
Kogi
When i press back button that program is still running not close as privous version.please  update to fix it.
ever since the last update having problems uploading fb on wifi and looks like im not the only one!
Suddenly, after the latest update, I can no longer share from this app. The option is there, but when you click on it it comes up with completely unrelated options
Osome
Navdeep
Every time an update happens...it's slow and news feed, pics etc doesn't load. Please fix!
Stupid that you can't use search function in app.
Not able to send friend request after new updates
T
Thank you for. The connection
It keeps on crashing everytime i open this app after i updated it please fix it. Thanks.
I love it
:)
I think it's broken.
Clicking on the names don't work on the newsfeed. Frustrating!
Love you
Love
Try to click on someone's name to go to their timeline and it doesn't take you to their page. Randomly scrolls to the top of the news feed causing me to scroll through everything again ... useless JUNK!
Won't load any photos and is running really slow.
Nice!!
If It Would Be The Old One .. I'll definately give 5 star
Facebook
You can no longer turn notifications off through the app. That needs to be asap.
Anam 4400
Libro
Incredible app.
Note 2: app loads slowly and I receive notifications an hour later, if that. Pictures and refreshing takes much longer if it decides to load at all.
Not giving 5 stars until you change the main feed to "most recent".
Senang berhubung
Ever since the last 2 updares the program is absolutely of no use.  Soon as you acess it throws you out.
Safi
Holy f**k waste of updating
For older version
The great intall of the world
Amaizing...
Goog
Excellent, but there's room for improvement
The only thing is the app runs very slow in 512 and 71 Mb rams rest all every thing is quitely perfect
Pictures arnt loading so annoying!
It crashes. And goes slow.
Phonomenal
Software
Download
Not badly
Awesome pics you can like or dislike you can write comments it's really cool and I love it so I give it a five star
Oh
Good one
Broken
Mia
This app is fast.i love it
facebook
Slow and crashing. -Sony Xperia Ray
Very beautiful

I like it
Current update is working perfectly but size of app cross 250 mb  App data increased day by day
Update sucks
This app is quite a dissapointment....too large memory...hungs...i have just deleted it
The pictures and news feed, don't load. "Sigh"
Fast
1- Sometimes i do not want to show my post to all my friend it has No choice to change privacy of posts to custom      2- I don't care about Top stores .. I want to use Most recent .. It's better to open on Most recent .. And sometimes it not respond when I click on most recent .. 3- Errors on loading timelines
i dont know why I give 4
Facebook
Sometimes it does close right when you open it like many other reviews talk about. I just can't figure out how to use emoticons in a status. My emoticon button totally disappears. Everything else is good though.
When I click on the name of a person or page it won't let me view them, i have to type their name in manually. And, when I want yo view my pictures, or anyone for that matter, it takes me back. This needs to be fixed.
The updated app is a nightmare. Newest posts are a few days old. Comparing to the old design it doesn't even look like fb app.
Safi
I'm using Facebook for many years. It is fabulous.  LOL
I love
It's really hard for me to catch up with pages updates. I really would appreciate if you can come up with a pages feeds button like the one on desktop version. Would be a 5 star if that button really came up. Enjoyed this app so far.
<3
This app really really sucks after the updates.the pictures and videos aren't loading. I'm fed up!! :@
Constant crashing
I don't know why but it gets uninstalled after 2-3 days of installation.
Since the last update the Facebook app is behaving odd...Hangs and Crashes just after 10 secs of use..I am uninstalling it for now..Please fix this issue ASAP!!!-- Moto G user
Why need to read my SMS? Why need to read my phone log and my calender?
Maravilha
It actually got better. It also depends on what kind of cell phone and service you have. Takes long to load pages w pics. Also, it is not letting me 'edit' or 'rotate' my pics for posting.  4-2-2014. Problems fixed. On a samsung mega. No complaints.  :)  11/2/2014  I don't like how it automatically loads recent newsfeed. Its kinda rude when you are reading ur friend's posts how it just pulls u up to recent posts without your commanding.
So plz download size to less
Gud
A Big thanks to mark zuckerberg

I lke it is very social healpful
Ok
Wht have u done wid it!!! I cant even see my profile or even cant stay on others for 5sec.. its really a bad one ... please try to fix it .
Great at chatting n viewing groups
Pakistan
It is suck. .
Lolx
:)
Like it
This may, or may not be a problem on my end, but facebook crashes almost instantly upon opening it. I even tried updating it, and it still crashes. Overall, I like facebook, but this needs to get fixed.
Y
I dont know why im disabled without warning
I like facebook because i can play games
What more do you want?
Welcome
Thank you for the app
Love soo much

Azam
Since last update, my phone freezes up or takes forever to do something.  I keep getting message "FB isn't responding".  Its horrible!!  Uninstalling!!
Good
like it
i love facebook
Keeps kicking me out of app after only a few seconds.  No problem on my android phone only problem on my tablet
Reading&trawelling
kindly make it faster again thanks facebook
This is the most horrible iteration of updates to date by Facebook. Basement geeks make better apps than this team Facebook got...
(y)
I hate the fact that I can't view my messages without messenger
Keep kicking me off after 5 seconds
Facebook
Fjj
Good
M
when using mobile data it automatically logout it says that session expire.
where can i see the "CREATE ALBUM"? thanks :-)
Its very lenghty app
Someone used my #
Took my account off, and later tried to reput my account but it would let me. Kept telling me my password was wrong, but when I changed it, it told me that was wrong also. Spent hours, got nowhere, have taken it off again in disgust.
DA.
Roja Vanagiri
;-)

It's awesome social networking
Saei
Y block ma real new facebook account?
Everything is fine in it. We can copy the comments but why not status. Please add this feature.
Its was great until last update! It wont even load now like i have no internet but everything else works fine! Fix please
The app is crashing frequently since yesterday... Please get it fixed...
i love it ^_^
Nb
Like it
Best
Ilikeit
Its very nice$$$$$$$$
This app is very fantastic and intermediate its for frendz , region any other members additing on your constancy ???
Crashes when i open the notifications
Update this s*** I dont wana go after two days and see the  same sh*ty news feed
This app is awsome its keep me up with my friends.
Facebook is good take thise l love it and you love than take facebook
Itss tooo slow kindly dont wast ur time on it
Good
The updating is to slow...
My favourite social media 
I have a dual-core phone. I install and run the app. I always wait 2-3 minutes to go to the news feed. The old version or first version is better. MAKE A MOVE ZUCKERBERG!
Good ...
Galaxy tab 3

Keep getting kicked out and then tells me my password is invalid. So frustrating
Keeps chucking me out every time it look at notifications. Absolute poop
Nice app
I dont want messenger. But Im not allowed to read my messages. Also, I cannot edit photo album privacy from this app..
Itz too much slow..when i open my fb it always loading,,,it suckz..hate it
Vinod
Loads very slow
We can get instant results but there are no sticker option
Jos
Shuts down after seconds, not acceptable
Cool app with cool features, good display & great look. It works well with slow internet connection.
it gaves me a lot of fun :) And friends :)
Okay
Why do you need to spy on us
Good social network
Real slow.  Won't upload my pictures. It is also not loading anything i click on without going blank or taking forever to load.
Nice
Ok
Ik
I love it
98354022
Gomolemo mabe
ever since the last update having problems uploading fb on wifi and looks like im not tje only one!

Ali
Ecofrensely fb
Please make it more stable and improve kinetic scrolling of the app and also change it to material design....samsung galaxy s duos 2
Please add a translation button........
When I try to look at a page or go to a persons profile it shuts the app down. Samsung Tab 3
Its wrong that for messaging messenger app is used. Plz fix it.
Love
Good
Nice app
It sucks right to the balls it closes every fu**ing time
First takes time then it loads quickly.
My tablet keeps on freezing and the cut out, I  can't post and struggle to read others posts
Ok
Very Like This
Higgf
This app is absolutely dreadful since the last update. It won't load and continually crashes. I ha e stopped using it and started veiwing Facebook in a browser
I joined when pple said .its coming to an end. But I am still having fun.
Continually crashes on Samsung Tab3
Just crap after update
Terbaik
The FB application has always given me some issues. Now, it won't even let me post or share. Won't even let me submit that there is an issue with it.
Nic
Successfully updated..love it!tnx for making my wish come true..More power!
Yes very slow, why
KHALFANI
Best app for chatting
Nice app
App takes more space
Deldar
Its amazing.... luv it
Excellent
Does not work , as soon as i start scrolling it stops working, there is no point on having this app if i cannot use it
Itx awxme
Can't get through kicks me out quickly
Wow!!its rely awesome then uc mini.view,loading,faster then other apps.
Awesomeeeeee
Always crash when I scroll down
Awsome
Update 3/11/14 - Crashing Non stop... The features and usability are one of the best I've seen in all the apps I'm using. Pretty smooth and good. Keep up. Just the wall news would come as per my preff of what to see and what to hide.
When I do some thing it will hang
facebook
Nill
I have the same problem it won't allow me to look at pictures. Keep going back to the page
I'm not getting notifications they way I used to. Sometimes it's hours before I get anything
sambos
Hey guys nginekinga umuntu Wami ushawa intombi yakhe ngenzenjani

Facebook kia khans ha ic ka
Hi, i am having problems in sending friend requests via FB app can you please help me out ?
God
I couldn't download the app..
New update is slow :( please fix it!
Uggghhh!!!!
Reading articles or going to any kind of web page through app is horrible! Fix or remove!
Crashing  On Note 4 when i try to open  notifications. More Slower..
Lo maxsimo...
Nice
Wont even let me on it no more, all it says is error since the update so fix it please
Having trouble viewing on tablet
First off the WiFi or your Data connection then open the facebook apps then on the WiFi or Data connect, use these when u experience long loading before starting facebook i try this and its works
almosd get five star some of the apps need to fixed it
Great
Since new update, it just kicks out!!! Cannot use it at all
Thanks
Smart
Great App
Nice
Clicking on names doesn't do anything.
Love it .. its best.
pOor....;(
uses too much memory...
Why can't I turn notification off in post? Give us options to turn comment notification
j
Ummaaa umaaa
I feel the earlier app interface was better than this one! This one lags on quad core and sometimes even on octa core devices too.
Okkkkkk
The new version is really annoying, I had synchronised my calendar with it and now it's suddenly removed everything? Won't even sync if you do it manually? What is this????
Love it sow convenient
Gwapo
Nyce
I get wayyyyyy too many force closes!
Ali
Good
My fone
Tariq seed
Uninstalled.
I can't open the app.
Pingtong
i love itt !!
keren
The latest update is opening the links inside the app itself. I don't want that.  Hope to figure out an option to disable it or else I am Uninstalling the app
Getting all the problems others are describing
It really connects us with others
Download
It is best aap
Best social media network
New update killed this app, won't load, can't log out. Tried uninstalling. Cheers Facebook.
I so like it and interested about this social networks for all users including kids until all users in world just free chrges all networks mobile.
Too slow
Auto shut down after 2 second. Please fix it .
c:
no good
30+100
This app gets worse and worse. I have to retry uploading photos several times before it will work. Now, the app closes after about 5 seconds.
Oy
Great!
Thanks for updating it lately.

It is mine blowing
Can't post a new status, it kicks me out. Can't open notifications, it kicks me out. Can't follow any links, takes me to blank Google page. Can't go to anyone else's home page because, you guessed it, it kicks me out! Tried uninstalling, clearing cache and reinstalling. No difference. It used to be excellent but is now useless...
It always crashes on the latest update. Fix that or I'll give one star.

Awesome app
Nice update..
Lots of bugs. Trying to click on a persons name and it takes me instead to the item.
Doesn't open any names I click on in news feed. Useless. Update has killed it. Slower than ever. Also, since when did fb become a Web browser?!
Thanks
excellent
:)
Love
Update needed to show my newsfeed correctly instead of showing me stuff from hour's/days ago. Also where the hell has the ability to unfollow posts u have commented on gone? That was the most useful thing you had done. Now I can't even see pictures people have commented. This app sucks along with your crappy messenger.
I love to use this app.
I don't know what the last update included but now I can barely watch any FB videos they just won't play. They worked before.
Now even more quick n easy with this app...
Facebook
HTC one &  Sony z3, uses to much resources, have to manually put existing setting on update,  privacy issues, a pile of crop would give minus
Lovly
Faster than al social network.
Nice app..
Ashokpm
It helps me to chat with my frnds faster
After series of poor updates..past few updates have been Gud..!!
Very best

Why need messager app!!!
Doesn't let me delete my own photos in my photo albums.  Hope a better upgrade is coming out soon!
HELP HELP HELP... When I click on someone's name or anything else to go to a timeline from newsfeed it will not do anything.   This update is awful plz fix asap.
A glitch while opening picture, the pictures doesn't open after its been tapped. This problem started day before yesterday
Nice browser
Great excelent
ADT like
When i tap the photo it sends back to my home screen why is that it's not like that before.
Message, find, ignore
I think Facebook is one of the best i see thank you  Facebook
It just keeps closing down when i want to go on another page
Bad bad bad app in this all world I won't to say that the app is very bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad who made this app you are bad and stupid in this all world
Since the recent update photo/pictures are not showing up on my timeline. It was working fine before you messed with it!!  STILL NOT DONE ANYTHING ABOUT IT, COMPLETE RUBBISH!!!!

Just what a app should be
98312955
Excellent
This app is slow. Some changes should me made in the UI to make it more attractive. Voice comments should also be made available. But overall it's OK !!
Great
Hmmm
It is a great app.  But why the others said this is not good or what pls i will rate 5 star or we will rate. But try to fix it  . This app would be great. This app is so slow and eat phone storage.
Seems to work slower since new update. Images aren't loading on timeline. What happened?
Mmmm
I love facebook
good
Removing tag from friends post is great.
Whenever I open application. it suddenly crashed after 3-4 second. Solve this and I'll give u five star.
super
Exits everytime I wanna post something on our group >: (
When I scroll in the menu it just crashes...
Can you please make the layout more like the one in iOS. You know, like the texture and colors
the update is so laggy and the photos canot load.. if ull fix it i will rate 5 stars

Dislike very much it stops again n again
Get better. When I click on a name it will not go to their page. Pictures will not open when I click on them either.
Videos no longer play to the end since the last update.
K
I can open the app, but the MOMENT I start scrolling or click on something it just kicks me out/crashes. You guys really need to fix that, as it's been like this for a while - maybe longer than/since the last update!
Keep getting kicked off after 10 seconds can't view  nothing please fix
nice application
Best version !
Facebook kept playing up, and when anyone posts anything it keeps saying just now. This is more like a downgrade then an update.
Love love love
Everytime I have used this recently it disappears again! This app has gone downhill.
veeery nice
Faster and reliable than the older one
I like this app
Aliyev
A++++++
Ugly
Best social network
Your updates sucks
Bhuraji M Prajapati
Good
love
Does not work...  Freezes then kicks me out... Shame I had to give one Star.... Absolutely shocking get it sorted FB......!
Really fb?  This update sucks!
I find facebook very helpfull to text friends and family.
Not bad
Good but not absolutely. Make more efforts
Ez solow Andy opanin in 30 minat  Bakwaaase appa Doan't downlide
This app its so log, im so dissapointed my first expect in this app is so fast but when i open it my facebook is not work...
Loves to use it
Since update,  loading takes longer than usual, both on wifi and 4g.
Every time I play a video i get an error.....
Very good
Good
Love it
12345678
Like
Can't download videos.... please pix that....
Is very good to play
Unable to download
1115
Liked!
Easy to chat with chat Heads
good job
Hmm
Nice
So nice
NICE APP
Its easy to me
Good app
After I closed the app it still run in task manager when I closed it from task manager I can't get notifications
App won't load since the last update!
Nice
Easy to use..multiple functions available.
Its ukie ,but it'll always connection time out
App ends up crashing, and freezing up, please fix this asap!!
facebook
phone
Ayaw ko sa kanila dahil sila ang dahil kum bakit nagulo ang buhay ng Idol ko.
A big space so heavy
Love u
Good
I love this like crazy
Face bookmark
Nehalmenariya
Keeps crashing within the app after update .  Why oh why does this app keep crashing on samsung tab 3. Its hopeless!
It does not refresh at all! Since i updated it i cant even use it since it is very slooooow! My newsfeed is not even updating..what the heck
Bad app
It is a top apps among social network sites all over the world.
where is the option of unfollow a post
Poor
Nice
Miss
Without face book I don't know how to face may everyday life
It amasin
Messenger is needed for chating.. :p if not full stars
Lol I will always have a 1 star for you because of your cumbersome position of the most recent feed. Please re-think it!
Mama
very easy
Love it
I like
This app can help me talk to my cousins abroad
Thanks to the new update. I can't play the video inside the facebook. Very much thanks for the new useless update
Making resource intensive app with every update Consuming lots of RAM.Where is the option to turn off post notifications in updated app.
Plsss.....fix the problem
Can't see my news feed. And sometime get kicked off aswell
Facebook is thing which is a basic need of a man
New notifications regarding posts ive previously looked at show as though ive already seen the new content. When I scroll down my notifications until it has to load more, a whole bunch disappear so that there appears to have been no activity for several hours, part way down the list. When I share a post, an overlay appears with other posts from the page my share  came from... I don't like that. The app crashes randomly. With the latest update, the app won't even open. I'm disgusted.
Miss
Application stay active and use ram and cpu. Every time i must kill app...fix it!!!
It goes out while on the page, when I click on someone else's time line it freezes. And also when searching for a page, it is very slow than before.
I get kicked off all the time what's going on
Good .easy to use
Hi
No hide and seek
V  nak  net
Abdullah yasir ki jan
This facebook is the pest. Better application
Nycc
Can't leave photo comments?? Gay,
Oooh GoOd :p
Facebook
Nice update but too much space
Sometimes it could be an error procesing!
Nic working
Good
Iam like this
When I first downloaded this it was great, in the last month I can do 3 actions before it crashes and closes. Very frustrating! ... So now got the newer one it's doing the same since updating!
Great
It's have a very slow speed app. Please admin improve it speed.
You can no longer see your notifications in the "most recent" tab and you can't turn off post notifications from the post itself like you used to be able to. ((YOU GUYS ALSO NEED TO MAKE IT SO YOU CAN CUSTOMIZE YOUR POST AUDIENCE LIKE YOU CAN ON THE WEB VERSION))
Good
Alo

It won't even load at the moment! Says it's setting up and its been going on for ages!
Cool
Even in high speed wifi not all picture load properly.plz give option to edit comment
Goood apps...
Its not easy pkease update it
Time pas
Agogo
This is a nic app

A one
;*
Wow
Nceeeee
Vvvvvv
It sucks it keeps on kicking me out
Home
I love it
Not working galaxy tab3.
nc
19187
Like
Tired of seeing all the old posts from the day before in my news feed. Then when I post something, it doesn't show up!? Not happy 
It has old post first like wtf? Why dont you put the resent first
LOVE IT
Niiiiiiiiiiice app
On androi no working perfect so many problems
Msg box or notifications inside click this application goto outside. Bad version. Old version is fast and easy
It works to slow
Randomly closes
Lots of features

Since last week's update clicking on someone's name doesn't take you to their page anymore, you have to type the name in the search box. Please fix!!
Excellent way to keep in touch with friends.
Hi
Thanks fb. For help to.. make friends
Memory
Always when i trys uploading it keeps on going or being white nd will shut dwn ve to log in bfor evn stil the same .
Facebook
You know you people and this app gets worse every day for the life of me I don't understand how can you change my location have me in a completely different state and city and I was never there. The update sucks I have a Note 3 3 days ago I could watch clips on here and now it just buffers if it wasn't for family I would let this crap go. It hasn't gotten any better since my last review and at this point I wish I didn't have to rate it cause it would be in the negative.
Noticed the latest update on my S3 I cant simply ' turn off notifications' now when ive replied on something. Eh.....
Good
Keeps kicking me out the app after about 10 seconds. Then it won't load at all.
Good
Good
FB app should be the1st app but it's not
I am fully satisfied with this version u can download all images. Or up load. And it is faster
On Samsung S3 mini. One of the worst apps on Google Play; devs insensitive. I've played gameloft's GT2 racing on my device & it doesn't even overheat. But 30min on mobile data and Fb app drains my power like a vampire & overheats everything. Cleaner apps defined it as relatively wasteful. Until i see friendlier comments i'm not installing this app & will boycott it & use browser instead. The speed discrepancy isn't significant anyways. I had high hopes giving chance for the devs but updates never helped.
Love Anthony
After samsung tab 3 10.1" had OS updated, facebook crashed. Unable to access at all!! Hope it will be fixed.
good.yes.
Fb very slow so now get in whatapps
Best app ever.
Its only Facebook that glitches on my LG G2. It started about 3 Weeks ago. It flashes white on & off. When I leave Facebook my phone doesn't continue to flash. It doesn't matter how long I leave for when I return it still flashes. It only stops when I uninstall and reinstall.
Good
When i compared dis to old 1 .. M totally unhappy
Cant use it 10 second..it keeps switching off all the time.....very poor app since the update...it used to be much better......Do something about it please ASAP..Thanks
F***ING HORRIBLE force closing on Samsung  Galaxy Tab 3 AND my Samsung  Galaxy S4 mini smart phone now!!!!. CANNOT EVEN USE IT!!!! WTF happened to this app?? No other problems with any other apps at all. Can someone please FIX this??
The BEST ..BEST ,,BEST  EVER
nice
I don't know what the description.
Fun!!
useful for my everyday life.
nice apps
All the pages are off set , its crap
The app is very good and easy to use but It cost much KBPS and It runs slow sometimes.You can only use it clearly in High speed net.Difficult to run in 2G speed net.But overall its great
Why cant I save pics anymore??? Why am I seeing posts from days before??? This app is getting ridiculous...always messing things up an instead of getting better its getting worse 
love it
Samsung Tab 3 FB won't stay open. Very frustrating! I unistalled the app. Hated it!
Its a work in progress so I respect that. The app has come a long way...  Keep up the good work crossing my fingers the update is good.
this is....verry smart aapp....this is averry speedy
Why is there no option to remove tags the photos?
App is no longer convenient now that messenger is separate. Plus, this app I notice it uses a lot of battery power. Even when I use a task killer to save power, it comes back on. App should stay off officially when we dont want it. Updating review to 2 stars cause this app is starting to take too much space. Make this sd card compatible and ill update review to 5 stars. With all the money fb makes, they should be able to do this.
Best app for community... People..
Please fix .. pleeeeaaasssseee. I have my new update yesterday but still it is soo poor.. and when i open its fun of going back in .. oh please what will i do? ! T_T
T角pi lagi best klu ader kemudahan  baru
KEEPS CLOSING, FIX IT
Constantly closes on its own, when scrolling it just shuts down.
Please get Paper for Android!
I can't see notifications while I'm in "Most Recent" news feed, PLEASE CHANGE IT BACK or I'll delete Facebook and use other social sites. I'm tired of the layout changing every 2 months!
Boobapan
it always get force close i cant even stay on fb for so long. and now i can't like other status or post
Takes too long to download am very disappointed
Please add a feature letting me to save news article to Pocket directly in the app instead of doingi it through browser like firefox.
gud
One word... SHIT
Supper
Loved it
But it takes alot of space
Ilike this apps,,($&&&)
katli app
Keeps crashing gs4
Stays open for 5 eeconds and then crashes. Fix it please.
Good and bess
Horrible
Beautiful
Finally you guys decided to build in the functionality to open links within the app which has been a great blessing! Thank you very much and you now deserve a 5 star rating!
Why should I install 2 apps fb and messenger both. It doesn't make sense. :'(:'(:-(:-(
PLEASE DON'T FORCE PEOPLE TO DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK MESSENGER FOR US TO MESSAGE OUR FRIENDS IN FACEBOOK! FACEBOOK MESSENGER ISN'T EVEN NEEDED, BUT YOU KEEP ON FORCING PEOPLE TO DOWNLOAD IT. IT IS JUST A WASTE OF MEMORY. PLEASE LET PEOPLE MESSAGE THEIR FRIENDS WITHOUT EVEN DOWNLOADING FACEBOOK MESSENGER!! YOU'RE JUST MAKING THINGS COMPLICATED!

Bakwas
Wonderful application always smooth and faster add more speed for older smartphones like the Galaxy S III my Sony Xperia Z Tablet with this application it's a wow!!
Nice application
It automatically close while browsing things. I will rate it 5 stars if it gets fixed.
Love its

Facebook
Dont load correct clicked on page and wont load messages
Since the new update I cannot view any photo's on anyone's profile or mine via my android phone. This needs fixing ASAP. Samsung galaxy s5.
So NOW with this update I can't see my notifications if I'm looking at my most recent newsfeed? Ugh
Fantastic :)
It's a great app
Can't move photos to diff albums
:)
so
Loved bye me tooo much so nice app and from it we can talk wth others
Ogd
Awesome
im from iran and many usefull apps are block for my country,,its really unfair :( ,, but we download this apps by vpn ,, this blocks just waste our time and depersonalize google company.
Thanks for keeping up with the updates. I really appreciate that.:-)
Not bad
Yes it kool
When I want to view a profile or album it closes the app
Ok
Since last update keeps freezing or crashing after a few seconds, always been ok before now useless I would also worry about security of this app now in its present form, facebook on my pc and laptop work fine
This new up day is crap. My news feed pictures don't load, and when I click videos they take forever to pop up, and sometimes it will do it an hour later. Fix this please. It's been doing this sense the new update
Faster
good
I click on a picture to view,  it opens then automatically closes,  please sort it out
Very
Very nicr

App
all the pictures are black..eventhough i have a good data and wifi connection
I have put my phone number on my fb and i forget the email... i had done a new fb acc and i accidently put my number on it.. now i can't open mt first acc ... Huhuhu. Help me !
Who is online button is not working
Re
PHOTOS do not load though i have fastest internet ??? :(
net  ta
Cyc
Facebook
Users friendly
ok
Good
Lyk it
Love it
Frikken can't comment half the time! Last few updates have been shit!
Very good site and social worker
Tamil NADU arakonam
Great app
M
News feed isn't loading. I keep getting a message "error loading news feed". Try and scroll down and nothing loads pictures, videos, nothing. Then it comes to a point where it stops and after a while it "can't load" with a sad cloud face. Now there is nothing wrong with my wifi since everything else works...so one star represents my sad cloud face.
i love it
So far so good
Good
Keeps kicking me off. Just reinstalled. Hopefully that will fix the problem
Just open the link on a dedicated browser of my choice.
Greatest way to connect ..
Messaging

The latest update is pretty much good... It has it's own browser....
The new update does not load on wifi only on carrier and its very annoying
Keeps  closing the moment after i open it! Grrrrr
Wife
Great
I open Facebook and it closes within 3 seconds. I can't even open the app!!!!! SERIOUSLY?!
I m loving it
Doesn't keep up with current post and likes to shut down
When I click on name whose birthday is today it takes me to show upcoming birthdays and doesn't take me to his/her timeline I clicked
Text Copy option is not work on main news info pages
but sometimes slow
The layout is bad liked the older version
worst ever fb app... it's run....if i stope it....!!!
Runs slow and news feed crashes or jump back to the top automatically. ?. Irritating ...and took many adverts
K
I loved it
Newsfeed does not the latest update. Overall is okay
I
hmft .. its so slow to download .. 
Good
The app keeps crashing .. Without any FC , i have 2gb ram on my phone dont know why :/
It is great to have an app  like this really amazing and perfectly convenient. Especially in terms of connecting with my friends and love once. Really one of the greatest app nowadays.
Maja ata h mar k
Can't be on for 5 secs before it kicks me out! Uninstalled an reinstalled and same issue! Please fix!
My facebook will not stay connected. As soon as it opens it goes back to app. And then shuts down. Please help me. I am about to uninstall it. It is on my Samsung Tablet and is the only app that does it and it has been happening for about  three weeks now. HELP
Why bother doing updates when it doesnt fix the  problem.  Keeps shutting down. Can't do anything. Obviously STILL NOT compatible with android 4.4.2.
I love this application
I'M TRYING TO FIND OLD FRIEND I have not seen in many years
very nice!
Bang bang
No useless to update.. all news not up to date.. really2 dissapointed !!!!!!
Lovre by chans
The latest update has made the app not work correctly!  I am not the only one!  I waited a week for you to fix and no go! Disappointed for sure!
The application keeps exiting by itself.
Connection error not loading news feed but can message? Connection error while updating news feed or anything else
After update it has become very slow photos nothing is uploading soon in our 4G net and notifications also not working proper site has become very slow fix it photo nothing is uploading nor loading in news feed app sucks
I'm having problems with app it forces close and won't let me do anything
Trouble or issues with site
Cannot play video from within app
verry.good.facebook.?
The last version was better. Where I could go to another app and come back to where I left off in my Most Recent posts. Where I could navigate from my Most Recent posts. Gee, Facebook, just when I think you got it right again, you go and be stupid again.
Not nice fixe it..
Facebook is bessssstttttt
Like my pix only my
Good

sucks! its keep kicking me off
Improving
New update is causing issues. Not getting notifications unless I force close the app. App stops responding unless I force close. Please fix!
Super
Every time I play an uploaded video from YouTube it keeps going down after a few seconds of playing and automatically returned back to Facebook wall.
Latest update make it worst!!
I like
Very slow open when you first singing...uplaoding take more time
Still can't open timelines and write on friends walls, crashes a lot on Samsung Galaxy Tab3
It works good
Hiiii
Nice
This is soo bad. It's slow, it freezes. I wish I hadn't updated it. I couldn't even use it on my birthday!
So
Has improve a lot but still needs a little more work I can't a status when I'm playing a game it just send me back plis fix that
Sucks!! Im in the middle of reading something and it automatically updates and goes to the top of the page
Not bed
loved it
There needs to be a fix implemented immediately! None of the pics or videos will load, even if I click on them.
Beautifull
Beautiful fencing
Stupid update!!!!
Poor processing, image lags, message donot pops up instantly????  !!!!!!
Why do I have to identify people my friends for me to login.I can't login in to my facebook account.I can't access my account now
Its good
Cool
NICE APP
I updated my application and that removed a much needed feature!!! I liked being able to turn off notifications when I comment on a status instead of getting a notification every time someone comments after me. THAT IS ANNOYING AND NEEDS TO BE REPLACED
A great application
I don't care for the update. I can't find the tab for my picture albums.
Good. ...................awesome. ...application
Facebook remvo the f**king messnger adds its not good and also we dont use facebook msgs without this messnger pls remv the add from facebook app or pls add skip option ...
This new version is very slow....I couldn't open profile pictures or any photo albums ...
Yap it's a good Facebook when I create my account from that I am happy because we can do everything like video chat call etc.....
Every update makes it worse. Stop trying to make it look fancier and work on what actually needs fixing for once.
Worked fine now it wont work at all. Can it be fixed? Keeps closing as soon as its opened. This is crazy.
Its very slow on loading
I love this app but have seen it active in the background constantly utilising cpu. Ranges are between 0.5 to 3 %. What's going on guys? Something buggy with the code? I am on S5.
Tariq ahma
Cant open for more than 5 seconds. .. needs a fix.
Awesome  awesome  awesome

This new uploading post deal takes about 30-60 minutes with full LTE just to post photos and shares.... nice. Last 2 updates killed it... and what's up with the loading? Can't even refresh the status. Cleared cache/data, Uninstalled/reinstalled, enabled background usage. Hoping for a fix soon.

It wont let me click any pictures in my time line.  It will let me touch but wont open them up. I also cant save pictures to my phone anymore
Download it:D
Thanks
nice
Its user friendly, searches made easy and also de upgrades mades in sharing pages and comments etc.........
Love it
The facebook is wonderful app for mobile :-).
Used to wrok great new updates suck
I can only hope it just gets better!
It askes too much personal info that I really dont see why. Its the same as messenger!!!!!!!!!
A list should be displayed ...which I like the most as group or page ...so that people can easily go that page or group easily.
While scrolling through my news feed if I take too long reading a status update, it refreshes on its own and rolls me back to the top. I either scroll back down to continue reading or just leave. Super annoying!!!
Good man
The best app that connects you worldwide
On the newsfeeds clicking the most recent goes to friends most recent commented not on the recent posted by friends........ fix it, recent means recent posted please....
I cant stay on fb for more than 10 secs without it force closing, ive unstalled and re installed and still kicks me off, fix it and i will change my rating
Thanks
Why it needs Facebook messenger?
The new facebook faster browser.
Facebook
Nice
Loved it
It would not let me get on my f.b.
Freezes not only on the app, the web page on the computer, now can not sync contacts with the droid turbo pathetic
:]
Helping someone
Message karne ke liye messenger install karna pad raha hai.. I don't want to use messenger.
2
Not Bad
Great
Love it. Works like a charm. Will add more star if it able to unfollow thread.  Update June 10, 2014: Thanks for listening. Now is able to unfollow thread by turning off the notification. Five stars app! Update Nov 2014: Why you delete that unfollow button?? Ridiculous!
I kinda like dis app coz it easy and cool
Everytime i open fb, always my internal memory not enough. Please help me !!
larahati
Like it vmuch
I tried with my mobile network and wifi and  90% of the pictures on new feed doesnt load -.-
Only if a person knows how to use it use it probably better and i love this
Chhho.real good X
Muah....
Very faster social site...
I like itts
Fb
Not only they force you to use their messenger, but you can't even turn off all message notifications on your phone (for example if you want to use another chat app for Fb messages). When you turn them off in the Fb settings, it just reverts back to the previous setting on new messages.
ok
Every time I scroll down to select photos, it always goes back to the previous page.
When I click on someone's name in my newsfeed it no longer takes me to their profile
Hate Facebook my kids can't get is it
Pictures won't load at all on the new version. HTC One
Every one likes fb lml
Pretty good I love it but it has its laggs once a while
Not working properly
Kkk
Nice
Recently when I open it ,it stop suddenly working.so please fix it.iam using galaxy tab 3 .
Akhi afroja
Keeps on crashing..
There's no point in all these fancy updates if the app won't stay open long enough for me to use any of them. Please fix the crashing issue. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
love it.
Its cool....
Super .
Better
Ever since it did it's last update it locks up all the time. I also hate how much personal information you have to let this app access. Big thumbs down 
Facebook is slower i hope you can fix it it always setting and just a moment and waiting for one hour to start pls fix it
Chat
Nice update
Exhalent
Thanks to those who keep on whining create your own page or application.
Since the last update I have to login everytime.  And now have to use the app manager to exit else it will keep on running and drain battery
Not sure why they keep trying to add new features. Worked fine before. Now all it does is crash and not let me post.
i dont like it , the last version was actually better than this.. a lot of inconvenience , very slow to load pics and history.
What app is this. My cellphone is hunging when i open this app. Fix it creator. The past app is so fast and okay.this one is nonsense
Its not bad.......
It sucks!!!!!
Its ok
Would Be Nice If We Can Get Audible Notifications When Someone "Likes" Our Posts.
Hated it worse app ever.
Would be so much better if we could access our messages like before. Sometime really slow but otherwise a good app
Slows my phone down and keeps freezing
Omgggg fix it it wont load crap and is always force closing!!!!!!!!

Bien
I like its a nice
Can't stay on FB more then five second...what the ....
Holy cow! Pictures doesn't load. It's giving me a hard time. I'm no longer happy with you facebook :'(
Google
Zahir Peer
Good app , can be better but it's alrigh, works for me without a problem..
Never any trouble with this app but after last up date I tap the icon it opens and in a few seconds  it turns it self off tried uninstalling and reinstalling 3 or 4 times and it just boots up and in a few seconds it shuts off tried to email you with no response so I'm hoping someone there will read this and give a me alittle help Facebook  is my main way to keep up on my grand kids what do say people help a grandpa out.
Same as title...just updated, but wont either load or show news feed when it does....
I uninstalled this app on my 10.1 Samsung tablet because it always crashes. I reinstalled it and it crashed within seconds. WTF
Works
Wish it didn't take up so much space
Facebook
I don't care how it works, I'm just grateful that it makes me feel connected to far away family and friends.

This app its really heavy when i scroll up/down, i think it can be easier and smoother if fix this app totally.
I like how I updated it, I read through my news feed, and it still goes to the top when I'm in the middle of reading. This is a joke. I also think it's funny that my reviews are being deleted
Aleembaig

It's great
FB is a convenient, easy  way to reach friends/relatives anywhere in the world
It goes hard
Why are u people so negative
I love it
12345
Its a good page, it helps you stay in contact with family and friends...
Help me view my apps quicker
If I could give it zero stars I would!! Ever since they updated Facebook I can't even get on it. It keeps kicking me out of it and I have to start all over signing in then it kicks me out again!!  I restarted my phone!! I uninstalled and re installed the app and ive got the same result???
Lol..
55939010
This app is fabulous and i  wish this app go so higher
I open the app, and it closes right away.  Let's get this fixed!
This app kicks me back to my home screen for no reason. I will be doing something simple like scrolling through my news feed and it just dies. Useless app.
Sally Jones post
Can't click on names to go to news feeds. FIX IT.
Very nice
Gg
ek dm chodu aps h bhidu...
Crashing with every click.. confirmed there is no memory issue with the tab . Worst app in mobile ..tab,.. everywhere
Sharmasuresh
I opened Facebook but it closes down and said that it isn't responding... and it happens several times... Please fix it! :(
Awesome
Kicks me off the app whenever I try to do anything on it. P.S. only app that don't jump into fixing its problems asap, like others apps do. Uninstalled the app and even did a factory restore on my tablet and the app don't want to let me log in. Intentional?
Force closes as soon as opened. Tried updating, still no change
Best way to connect
I love it
I liked
Ever since the update app crashes every 5 seconds on Samsung galaxy s5
I love it!!!! I don't even need to pick up a newspaper anymore
Its faster...
Same as others.  Start the app and then in less than 5 seconds crash.
It woaks great except when I try to log out. I'll click the button and the screen will go black and return to the home screen, when I try to go and log back in it says 'session expired please log in again.' but when I try to it goes black and the whole thing starts again. I have to restart the phone to log into Facebook.
Gay
Lol
Why is it so hard for Facebook  to create an app that is what we want.  We complain that  we want most recent to be the standard so what do you do you use common logic and create an app that not only makes most recent not the standard you make it so that you can't even see notifications from it.  If you don't want us to have most recent then just remove it and quit stringing us along
Ui
It keeps force closing after maybe 3 mins and I want to be able to choose which posts I see. It is automatically showing top stories but I like to view them by most recent.
Sometimes it won't even let me on but when it does it kicks me out if I attempt to go to another option other than like somethin..... I get good an into my readings and it kicks me off... don't do new updates if it's not for the better need to test ur work before making public.... Smh hate this update
Good
The new version is slower then the old. And the pictures people post don't load. My news feed will only load a few posts sometimes. It sucks
Always crash
Nice app for using facebook
Please help me how to upload my video I send, but is not working I need now because  my friend birthday please help me..
Problem with loading new news feed. Must uninstall than install to get new posting from friends
Worked fine until today... tried to tell family about my engagement... POS won't stay open more than a few seconds or post anymore on my Galaxy S5....
Won't load a single pic. Timeline,  profile, or otherwise. Total crap.
Facebook
To slow,want have the time load and kicks me off facebook.
This thing sucks every time i log in it automatically logs its self out after like 20 secs this app sucks fix it
It suck.. so slow!!
I like it everywhere. ..
Aye young homie what u trippin on?
My super star IS best coach. I love bong OUK SOKUNKANHA kmean thngai chhub
The new update is not giving me a better user experience. The app is keeping force closing everytime i use it. Please solve it or else will surf facebook through the chrome.
Bagus
I'm in a large group and I can't turn off the notifications and my phone is going crazy every 2 seconds if I comment on someone's post in the group it notifies me every time someone else comments on it
Carnt do anything, it wont stay open long enough. Plz sort it out, been like this since the last update.
Love it
App takes forever to load and will crash if not allowed to do its 5min. "processing" to allow it to fully start. Will also bog down entire phone while this is taking place when returning to home screen. Had to completely uninstall the app for my phone to properly run again. I'm sorry, but I'll stick to Facebook on my browser and laptop instead of this bug-filled app.
Im about to delete this app. At least 3 to 5 times a day I get kicked off saying its not responding or force closing.  For some reason it's been so slow lately to load then after waiting all that time it says foreclosing.  Wth is going on? Been having problem for about 2 months now. Ive reported several times.
My news feeds are not changing and it keeps saying I have connection errors. I just updated and now I have errors. Fix this please and thank you!
the app closes within 10-15 seconds.. tried everything but none worked.. i even made a report but the support doesnt care.. dont download this app
New update was horrible.  Needs to go back to the old way of things. ...
This app is great its fast and easy to use. I love it so much!
Ok
Ok
News feed should default to most recent posts first. Disappointed. Articles/links do not load when clicked.
i want you
I like it
It won't stay open on the page I am looking at and randomly jumps back to the newsfeed or won't open at all.
Is ok
The ability to turn notifications on and off is no longer on any of the posts that Ive liked ot commented on. Fix this .
everytime i get on the fb app every status say Just Now , so ill just get on the web for fb then everything have the right , please fix it
I can't stay on the app longer than 15seconds then i get kicked off!! I'm now using Chrome which is far better and quicker!  Fix the app now!
Perfect :-)
It fineby me i have no prob with it at all #amoy#
Awesome;)
Where is the link? There was suppose to be gallery viewing link, instead it open another browser.
When loads more data it automatically close. When click contat name or page name it not open the page. Have yo click more times to open the page. Facebook Browser is very usefull. Thanks for made it.
Publico
I cant even load my newsfeed anymore. This app is just awful. I want to use my facebook app without being completely frustrated and that is just impossible.
Goodvapps
While I am in my news fed I can not click on a person's name to go to their profile. Kind of annoying. Please fix it. I have already uinstalled and reinstalled the app, that didn't work.
I hate Facebook and because I can't reach 4 stars and I don't want to move my hand there so ya
Runs slow
Facebook
I like it this app
Facebook keeps closing down and fading to black just after it opens. This has been happening for a few days. ? New upgrade ? Previously it worked fine. Most annoyin
Please fix soon
Cool I like it
I like it

It gives you information and games
The desktop version more easy to use.. this app is not perfect
its a good app....
Mobile data works fine but wifi isnt working at all. Really frustrating
When ever I go to play a video it always video not supported. Making me not like this app. And messenger?!? Common what happened to just on the app.
It would be little fast is betr
Another poor upgrade downloaded!! Agree with all comments.  Can't get most recent in news feed.  It doesn't show my gallery to add photos on a status anymore
Go Facebook.... Love how they're taking the lead in everything.
Doesn't work. Shuts down after opening fb. FB works fine on a regular PC. General problem since last update. Samsung blames FB and the other way around. Also look at GOOGLE for 'Facebook shuts down for Android'. Please correct tne fault asap. Millions of people are working with the FB app on Google Play.
Only way to fix it is restart phone....
It keeps crashing unexpectedly, I don't like that it shows "Top Stories" when I want the most recent stories default.
Love it
Nguyenthichin
Uggh. Takes very long time to load. Keeps closing. Made my tab slower
Can finally reply to comments.
Facebook
Thk app h jyada a6i bhi ni h aur jyaada kharaab bhi ni h.....
I am now experiencing problems seeing photos and getting notifications now but previous had no problems.
Really facebook open I stay more for fun injoy and more meet people good...now the facebook is differently than before ....
Needs work
recuerdo
Keeps crashing
I love it it works great
Its just Facebook self explanatory
Not gud
Worse than before. Aborts in 5 seconds on samsung tablet. PLEASE FIX
I don't really like the whole messenger thing separate. Also Dotson is able to Like all of my stuff
Verry good
What's up
My newsfeed won't refresh. I have to uninstall and then reinstall it. Still not working and I'm beyond annoyed.
Want to check your Facebook messages? No good. You have to download a second app just to see and respond to messages, IM or not... Maybe you want a substandard browser attached to your Facebook app? You got it! I was appalled to see that Facebook now has a slower, non-user friendly web browser attached to its app like a swollen appendix. As Facebook ages, it becomes obvious that their primary mission is data mining, not providing a user friendly customer service experience. Use chrome, or a 3rd party app.
Very very slow
Use full this apps in connected  friend ship strength
Fix it. Download wont complete all the way
Since update I can't turn off notifications from post I've commented or liked from the notification drop down. I have to search for the post and the opt out. Highly annoying.
face
There are times that the facebook was an error and it will time out when the internet was poor in signal
Not bad
Heehee
Wow
It keeps sending me notifications. Even when I turned them of.
Error -110. No support or response.  Gotta love Facebook. ......
Bug lag slow
Two Words: PREFER INSTAGRAM
I get a force close every five seconds!
App not working
Lovly
Polichu machu
I hate this app, it never works right!
It is a good Facebook
Fa cebook
Lot of complaints hope they see all the feedback
This is a decent update compared to past updates.
It keeps crashing on my tablet
It＊s annoying that you can＊t stay in FB longer than 2 mins. It always kicks me out and brings me to the log in page. What did you do?
I ever text my friends
Fast fun and u can see your old friends
Looks like the recent "update" has many people, myself included, in a foul mood. It randomly decides that I can't post, like, or comment. Or it'll multiply my comment or post - which is extremely annoying and rather unnecessary! 5 stars? Not till it's fixed. I'll like, post, and comment as much as I want - not when you say I can't without any genuinely good reason.
Fb rocks on android
Nice
hi
Bad
App don't even open anymore.
Great app.'
Facebook
Nice
Nice app they need to make a more valuable update to system, then it will be untouchable
I can't open it anymore! When i try to open it it will say that it stoped unexpectedly then i open it again but still the same so i uninstall it and install again but nothing change! Please fix it
I get two many notificatuons and they took off the arrow to take it off
After every update I find more reasons to just delete my account and never come back. You should have just left things as they were and stopped trying to find more reasons to add things and being so intrusive.
Average
Only for a few second then it close by it self...
This this is a wonderful app it I love it very much think you  Facebook
Error muluuuu
Always popping that there is no internet connection and the pictures loads super slow. And when I'm checking someones profiles it doesn't load.
Jumps screen, app doesn't shutdown after exit - need to force close. Runs slow.
I just signed up for Facebook and I think it is awsome
Why is it that after the new update everytime there are new news feeds the app makes me loose my place of what i was reading. Is so anoying when you are reading and it refreshes by it self. Please fix.
Love it
I like
to slow
Why the latest version consume too much memory? Pls make it battery and user friendly. This is not right!

The main feed is force to be top storys feed and that annoys me so less stars. Maybe work on that
It's the way.  ;-)
Every time I try to do something it kicks me off, Since the last update
Amazing
This updated version sucks. As soon as I sign in, I get kicked off and end up back at the UNINSTALL / OPEN screen. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it several times as well as rebooting. Nothing helped. I now have no facebook. I need help!!!!
Doesnt update newsfeed over wifi. I gotta turn the 4G on just to use Facebook and messenger.
Everytime i open the app it will open for 3 seconds and close. If i try to click on a comment or notification it closes. I have uninstalled and reinstalled twice. Didnt help.
App keeps freezing and signing me out its slow & it's horrible
This version is taking so much time in setting up and it is very slow♂
Keep crashing and scorlling up and down by it self ! Please fix
its closed every 10 sec on my tablet
i wont even last for 10 seconds.. it keeps on saying error then returns me back to my homescreen.. it's very annoying .. :///

Love it
My only concern is that now u HAVE to have messenger to chat, which really sucks. That takes away 3 stars itself...
Nice app
It won't let you delete pics in your albums. It keeps saying, cannot delete photo at this time come back and try again later 
Good
Is this what happens when you become a billion dollar company? When you think you are the only game in town? You put out a garbage product and expect us to "suck it up"? You have a junk product. FIX IT!
Everyone has it.
Facebook
On.facebook
Works fine on my phone but for some reason I can't use it on my tablet. App won't even stay opened. Really annoying. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling it.
How do I now see the most recent posts in order on my newsfeed? I don't want 2 day old top stories there when I am trying to see what's new, fix it please!
Bad update
Exceptionally good. Only minus point is  that there is no place for wife in the relations menu. I do not know why.
Slow buggy laggy. Worthless. And I'm a facebook freak
Now if I Could get my password workingiwouldgladineedhelp
Can't see photos anymore. Only some load. This is crap. No reason to be on Facebook now.
It's OK like I rated so yea
^_ ^
Ehh
Good but it freezes alot
So, i tried to change some of my personal info, and it wouldn't let me... Just kinda goes white and doesn't do anything unless i hit the back button. Then it just resets to what it was before i made the changes... Hm...
Cnt open my message
Can't unfollow a post since last up Date. No button in top right corner like old app
Cant stay scrolling down. It keeps on closing after 30 seconds of browsing. Can you please do something about it.
Not even installing stupid app
Veery bad ap
Fix the problem with not being able to click on people's names!
Kicks me off when I click on something fix it
To huge please make it smaller
Ok when i downloaded it it said i had invaled storage and i just bought this phone and thats the first thing i downlaoded are you kidding me. And it never liads it dumb
Junk, will not stay where I can use on Samsung Galaxy tablet.
Nice app for social networking
Rodney Attorney
Guys don't  u have an effective  tessting team..?    When i change tab from news feed to friend req and touch on any req. The app crashes and closes.. please fix this ...
Downloaded and started crashing after login. Not responding and slowing down phone. Uninstalling until its fixed.
My samsung tab Open the app just for 15 seconds, really bad!!!!
Too many problems and can't get fixed
This app suddenly quits.
Bob Bob lissom.
Since the last update of Facebook, any time I go  in or try to comment, share, or like, the app kicks me out.  I hate the app, since the last update.
My facebook
Keeps knocking me off after been on every few seconds can this been fixed ??
Awesome
Ramesh.ahir
I love this app very much
Its ok
Gd
Top no1
Pretty coolnway to connect with friends
Can't watch vids on more
I love Facebook because it allows me to connect with friends and family and a lot of other great stuff.
Option to open a link with the default browser instead please, Can't read and reply to messages anymore, also why not take advantage of the tablet extra screen space like the ipad version?
Got to love FACEBOOK!
I love this thing
Very good
Fix this update. I have to close the app and reopen almost every time I want to read another post. This is ridiculous and unprofessional.
Fun
Since the update it keeps crashing. Junk now.
Love it, great app
It takes forever to load. My news feed never shows the "most recent" statuses. Pictures never load properly. And the app crashes 95% of the Time. I'm curious to know how do u have so many 5 stars when everyone clearly complains about the app?? Everything about this app is stupid. Either fix the issues or don't create unnecessary updates.
very low to install
The app stays open for about 30 seconds and then closes...can't do anything....
Love talking to friends through it
Loved it
What hell I done nothing wrong
Life is not just another thing to push through. Life is to be lived with all the graciousness and love of our Saviour
Great app
When I click on someone's name or anything else to go to a timeline it will not do anything.   This update is awful plz fix asap.
n
The app is starting to get worse  and the News feed barely updates to the most recent statues.
love to connect with fam and friends
Forcing ppl to add an app to their phone when they don't want to is not cool. And if ppl actually took the time to read the info on the Facebook Messenger app they will see that you get access to phones contacts and much more. And that you are able to call anyone from our contacts without our knowledge. I hate this app.
It's slow and uses alot of storage on my phone
I can't upload my video :( , you have to fix it now dude
The app refreshes news feed when in the middle of reading things,  also stips working often. Just had to delete then reinstall.
I hope facebook app will have the lite version.
Things like Status Shuffle is back to old version..Slower.. What's up?
Idk about you guys but it's working,  apparently I can't upload pictures now the little plus sign won't appear in the top right corner so again I can't upload pics only share then on my stupid status. Oh yeah and when I tap the unfriend someone it says successful but it didn't work its a shame I have to keep using the browser version. Oh yeah and one more thing it's gotten significantly slower.
Great to contact family and friends! 
Excellent
when using mobile data it automayically logout it says that session expire.
Very effective and best
kkkk
Not cool never get it
"Error loading timeline" happens a LOT. Also doesn't fully close out anymore, I have to manually kill the app. Can't use messenger anymore or do some other basic things. Getting kinda tired of the whole experience alltogether.
Liked it
Love  it. Best. App. Ever
Love it
Always not responding. And always loading.
This app is complete garbage! On my Sony Xperia Z2 tablet, whenever I want to play a video, it comes up with an error message "Cannot play video. Sorry, an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video" EVERY SINGLE TIME! Also, now I can't upload pictures from my phone Gallery : instead some stupid thing called Camera Roll which doesn't have all the pictures that are in my phone Gallery. Sort this app out because it's a pile of horse manure!
I wouldn't bother giving a star for you. What did you do?????
Good
Won't let me go to someone's profile.  Can't click on their name......
They are cool

Facebook fam danno the like button!
Much better now....I still hate Messenger!
Keeps logging me out like Ffs
Every time I click on a picture it doesn't bring it up to a full image.! Fix it and I'll change my rating.

When I click on a video it doesn't show the HD option/button like in the apple version.  So I'm stuck watching videos at 240/360p .
It works well
Gets a little lagy other then that great app
This app is suuuupppppppperrrr sloooooooooooowww
it on point
Goes off for no reason sometimes and doesn't play some videos.
like
Error loading timeline. I don't know why that happens. Hope that you find a solution for it
Play Free Online Games
The app keeps closing anytime I go on my profile or try to view a pic. Really frustrating. Fix this
Update is terrible..  Glitchy when I scroll down. Can't click on pictures. Video don't play entirely, sometimes not at all. Tried reinstall twice. Still same problem. Fix
Loveit !
Keeps freezing when I'm scrolling threw my news feed & kicks me out!!
Good for passing time
I www
Since the last update I can't seem to scroll down my feed without it closing down on me. Why have so many updates when they are making it worst?
The latest version is very bad !! 20.0.0.25.15 ℅
Love it
Diaz
Nonsense apps! After download, it won't install on my S4 galaxy... An disappointed
Lovly
My screen turns white and blank and later a pop- up message appears saying, ,"Facebook isn't responding. Do you want to close it?" It happens all the time.
Facebook sucks
Now I have to go to the main page of person/group to stop notifications? Really,  FB? 2 stars down from 4.
It always say "Unfortunately, Facebook has been stopped" i hate it 
Always something wont work right
Auto-CLOSE.. WTF?!?!
Nice
From this moment
Its a great way to connect with friends
Having to mush trouble getting threw to facebook
This could not be happen! Separated messenger to this app is just like separating ur brain from your eyes. Alien dude!!
Great <3
It is a really cool app and everybody should have it
The app in general is good but I really hate the new in app browser. So annoying!
Love it
Keeping the best, I can in other options for the
When I try to use a smiley or thumbs up they come up until I post the status then it disappears not happy about this
Too many problems and bugs. 1. Whenever I log out it always crashes 2. Statuses from last week still appearing up until now in News Feed. 3. Whenever my friends change their profile picture their new picture doesn't appear in messenger or friend list 4. In order to appear new notification you should update it manually
Can't see pictures or videos
The new updated had and auto off or something. The button and status button will be not goes where its supposed to be.  Can you fix the bug.... :( this happened  after updating to the new update.
Wtf? I enjoy Facebook,  but this app really SUCKS. It freezes all the time. Forces close and from my galaxy note 2, I can't edit comments.
Loved it
Ok
Apps, people and posts I have hiddencontinually reappear.  Un installed and did nothing.
Soomaaliyubanaiidoolaya
I have a 16 gig card. Allow me to save it on that and put all the add-ons you want, but stop drinking my phone memory. Can't do other updates. I prefer the app, but I'll switch to web.
App keeps closing
After the recent updation also its nt working....
Awesome
Great app but has crashed 6 times in the laat ten minutes even with phone reboot. No report option ever popped up! #fail forced to re-install, 4th time since update!
Not to bad
App is unreliable and annoyingly slow, if it even works at all
Chrases a lot amd i paied 1000000000000000 dollars for the prem facebook fex it!!! Also i have a samsung galaxy tab 3 4.4.2 Kitkat (NOT DUMBY JELLYBEAN) also I'm so sorry but I don't want to die or my mother so I am going to send this to you 
810503
Mizan roni
Mine does the same thing. When I click on someone's page from news feed it won't open it and doesn't go.
Ever since the new update it's been going slow. When I click on someones profile it takes forever to load and nor does videos and pictures show!!!! FIX ASAP!!!
The last update was crazy freeze for 2days on 1 picture
Location and GPS are not working again please fix.
Facebook for Androos is very bad compared to Google+ for Android which is fast and fluid

nothing
Apparently I am not the only one having problems tonight. What is the problem. I keep getting kicked off about 30 seconds after getting on.
Bagus
Good
Dope
Liked it
I'd give it a five, but lately it just shows a reload symbol on pictures and videos.
Facebook is my life people download for free it has incredible videos even funny things.
Doesnt load messages. Doesnt load notifications. This app sucks. I have to keep going to internet server to get on fb !!
Not the best app for facebook but works well for it. Very easy to use.
The newest update makes the most recent news feed section a pain. You can't see if you have notifications from there. Really Facebook? Stop messing things up!
Anyone here notice how this app keeps getting bigger 24+mb..now, I guess with the largest facial recognition program on the planet and government ties it has to be unnecessarily large
I like it
XD
This in-app browser...
NOTE3  by Samsung
YES
I can stay in touch with my family and friends
Very good app
Everytime I try to scroll through Facebook it freezes up on me now!!!
Best app ever !!!!!!! Outstanding quality
Nice
Doesn't work at all get booted off as soon as i open it.In about 5 seconds.
Great social media app
When i open Facebook, it tells me my device isn't compatible. I have a Samsung Rugby. Please fix!!!
It's slow and decides to add extra more memory to itself then it says
Will not close when exiting. Because of that, uses excess power and clogs up the memory.....
Very
I am krish
Super
Bring back messages.  Chat bubbles are lame.  Give us what we want.  Not two apps for one.
Hate the fact that it makes u download facebook messenger will uninstall untill that changes
Its awesome
Kaysar ahmad
Why? Why did you take this option away?  I am in a few groups and now I have to see every little thing I have commented on in a thread. My phone is blowing up all the time now since you took the stop notifications option away. Please give it back.
Wtf.. after new update, the app keeps crashing
On Droid 2 nothing works better
Error  loading  d news feed... Version  is of no use
You won't take my privacy! you won't force me to install that garbage messenger that eats all my battery and memory! it was just enough for me. Now using facebook via web which works. Good bye. I'm just now incredibly happy with my fast phone!
What the hell happened!! I keep getting kick out of the app. Please fix my Facebook!!!!
Works on chaser from virgin mobile
Won't refresh and is slow to load when it does
I use Facebook a couple time a week
Wonderful
After an update a few weeks ago my facebook & that of several friends constantly crashes while scrolling through news feed.....and don't even think of clicking like or comment cuz that is an immediate crash!!    This is so very frustrating!! I hope you will please look into this issue & correct it soon, otherwise I will be moving on to a different social media format -- forever leaving facebook behind.
GOTTA KEEP IT REAL, NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS LOGING IN OR OUT , PLUS IT'S UPDATED REGULARLY!!!
TERRIBLE!  Wont open and if by some miracle it does crashes within ten seconds. Needs sorting asap or uninstalling
Don't like how facebook look.  Old version.....update it.
First I got kicked out right after about 10 seconds of using the app and now with the latest update FB is just really laggy... Before those everything was just fine though.
Pop hold it down mama ily I'm legally blind
Cant tag or find friends when trying to tag in a post
Constantly freezing up using the widget. It locks up and can't do squat!
Takes forever to load (screen is white for way too long when I click the app icon), often doesn't show new posts even after refreshing - or shows old posts again after having removed them from my feed. Completely impractical.
It's 80mb, why? who needs it really.
Force closes everytime i open. Started off by not scrolling down very far before turning off. Now turns off straight away. Fix it!
I hate this app because if I will log out my account it will go back and need to log out of again and go back
I can't even view my news feed without it crashing after 5 seconds of opening the app. It worked just fine 1 hour ago. Lg G3 user..
This ubdate is bad we can not open page any more
Is okay
it is good i get to see my family
OK this appa
It is showing error in loading newsfeed,, why its is not loading the news feeds,,
Fun
Good aplikasi
Plz fix opening problems
I can't upload my full profile picture, in previous version I was able to upload my full profile picture but now, when the people open my profile picture they find the cropped picture, they can't see my full picture when they open it. Please solve this issue as soon as possible.....
It sucks
Cannot read stories people have posted keeps kicking me out cannot watch videos this new update sucks
Gets worse with every update
Gd
Wow
I like girl wechat
Lol bro this is grate 4all y'all 13cuz
The last 2 updates have made this app worse than it was before. I cant see the majority of any pictures even ones posted by me. I get notifications for some stuff - if i go in through browser i see all notifications, and this app closes or stops more than it is open.  Time to get rid of this app the same as the rest of the fb apps. Note 2 user
The app wont stay on for longer that 15 seconds. Plzzzz change it and I will give a better rating.
I'd give -1 ∵ if I could, it keeps shutting down for no reason, and it says that I don't have Internet connection while I'm using 4G 150mb data package or a strong wi-fi signal, plus, the notifications only appear when I open the app. Too much space, way too low quality.
Terrible. Constantly stops.
Not downloading
The current version suffers from network errors when using Wifi connection.
Facebook is always disconnecting. Hope you can improve this app on my samsun tablet and samsung phone.
I luv this social media app.
For everyone who is professional person
Like
Keeps closing unexpectedly on my galaxy tab 3 :( even after reinstall. Please fix!
Ever since the last update i cannot stay on the app longer than 10 seconds then the app automatically closes down.  I thought it was my tablet until i read all of these similar reviews.
When i upload all my pictures at the same time, it won't let me tag anything on some of them. Please fix it
No not since the message came out...
Haters back off
Dhhdhdhjdi
It really sucks.. Give us freedom not to install it
Not nearly as useful without the ability to send messages.
O
Why can't I watch videos
Just doesn't connect, the apps performance has steadily deteriorate over the past 3 months
What in the world have you done to this app.Won't upload anything.
Love it other than the fact it keeps jumping to the top,of the news feed
Maybe if you actually read your users feedback you could improve your app.
OK so when is the update to fix this latest update (11/02/14) coming out? Love to see more than just 10 minutes of "setting up Facebook" staring back at me.
Ok Instagram is better tho
Since your last update anytime you click on anything you now have to hit BACK instead of being able to view the NEWSFEED / FRIEND REQUEST / NOTIFICATION BAR. Why has this disappeared? It is an extreme hassle to have to continually hit back instead of being able to instantly view the newsfeed. You now have to hit back back back back back. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is a waste of time and MY DATA!
Crashes every time I open it or try to go to notifications. About time the bugs were ironed out in it!!!! Have uninstalled and reinstalled but just not working...come on facebook get your act together and sort it out PLEASE!!!  Have had a gutsfull of this crap...app will work ok on computer and iphone but not on Android Tablet...WHY???
App kicks me out after 5 seconds. Absolutely pathetic excuse for an app in this day and age. I don't understand how a company like this can get it wrong so many times. Please sort it out. Id like to look at my news feed for more than 5 seconds please.
It always freezes and keeps shutting down! Please fix!
Please sort android video quality...
The new update makes it where you click on a name or page and it doesn't go to that person or page.
The app works most of the time with minor lag and bug issues but the main annoying thing is that notifications don't appear if the app isn't open
If you don't know how to use it don't cuss it .
Gooood
Doesn't ever let me open it & still super slow with lots of crashes!
I said this because when I first got it  I was a first timer with the app and I didn't know how to log in
When I touch a Friend's name from a post,  it won't go to their timeline.  Also I will be scrolling through my timeline when it updates and forces me to start all over again.
New update crashes and when I download pics they don't show up in my photos SUCKS!
latest update totally suck. i cannot even exit fb page properly. when i tap friends pics to view, it jump back to fb norm view. totally sucks.
What a piece of crap. It breaks almost every time you want to post something. I would be ashamed to release such junk and pretend to be  a leader in social media. It is disgusting.
I cannot get on Fb without being kicked off immediately and it tends to be slow needs to be fixed!
It's a good app but plz make it available to move the profile pic and remove crop and move step ..
People love Facebook
I love this app!
Mom
It alwaywz exits!fix this
Mmtaz
Sometimes if i'm adding a friends or someone who's adding me in facebook. It's doesn't work so fast and the loading is very bad and lost of signal. Like I click the commentors, likers, viewers, messages change a profile picture and cover photo.
Love
Hfdd
Super
Many people post videos on abuse to all sorts of living things and when I go to report these videos, they say that they don't violate community standards. Pathetic. Not worth the account
Nice
What in the world is going on?  It's slower than ever! Whatever they are doing,  they should stop.
Chachu
I hate this app. All my videos stop playing after 6 second it's so annoying I can't even delete this app from my phone
For an older version
This app don't deserve no stars, garbage to many issues
J
Why so many icons  Try to make it easier  Asking for download messenger
I'm sporting a Sony Ericsson e1 and the play store won't let me download Facebook because 'the update is not supported' please fix this asap
Keeps coming in and out!
Great update
Since recent update that was supposed to make it "faster and better" the app crashes or won't open at all. Ridiculous...
Every Update is more flawed and glitched than the previous. I held out from the last 2 Updates due to Reviews and now I'm more sorry then ever I did it now. Posts don't show for hours "if ever" in Feed and Video now failing 75% of the time to play, & most annoying is being kicked off constantly "5 times" during a single session. Nothing is ever FIXED on THIS APP just cosmetic beyond using more phone storage and loss of more control using your account, I'll never update again in fact Mobile is Now Useless.
All of a sudden my app force closes before its completely loaded...
When I click on someone's name in a comment or a post it doesn't take me to their profile. Please fix. Galaxy Note 4
good app
Sucks!
Great way to get on Facebook!
Your own browser? What kind of joke is that? Thank god I found the setting to disable that nonsense. Also would be really nice if my newsfeed would stop updating itself as I'm scrolling. How will I ever catch up?
Good
On my phone the new update is not working
I have experia z2 won't take my passwords or details
^
Can you people leave anything alone. Every time you change something it's for the worse. Your engineers suck more than a broke hooker.
Namedanm
This used to be a good app. Every update seems to load slow. Why do you feel the app needs to be update. If it works leave it alone until you work out the bugs with next update.
Wow yamenal
Newsfeed won't load. People's photos won't load either. Needs to be fixed
Needs to work on being less of a battery drain. Perhaps having cached copies of profiles already on the phone as a wifi only download feature?
This application is bad it's the wrost social media ever
App crashes as soon I open it
When I click on someone's name to go to their profile, it won't go. If I stop scrolling through my news feed to read something, it refreshes and takes me back to the begining. Please fix!!
Best app additive.
Why you need access yo my mic camera and messages.
The app keeps lagging
Having a terrible time w/ FB - it shuts down after a few seconds - can't scroll down the screen or check videos - this has been happening for months - PLEASE  put in a fix on Samsung Tab 3 - Thanks
Andrew
Please add top comments options
Like it
Unfortunately can't uninstall it from phone completely. Needs to be lightweight, compact and MOVABLE TO INTERNAL STORAGE! Login Data needs to be separated from, "other FB Data". When FB Data is deleted it needs TO STAY DELETED, not have the FB app recover it, + more, over the next few minutes. For those of us with limited storage capacities limits need to be available for "FB Data" stored. For those of us without unlimited Data Plans with our network, Video Auto-play default needs to be set to OFF.
SRebecca Duniphin
But if i go back to my profile its doesnt work can you fix it
faceboFaceboook
oo
Done
It automatically goes back up to the top of news feeds when it feels like it. Then you have to scroll all way back down but it just so annoying I close out of Facebook. .#getitsorted
5
When i try to upload photo, the indicator are missing and my picture are not centre.
Myself
Need a new update soon because its working to slow
The best
Cant watching all video, always have bug and video stops.
I would give zero stars if I could. Keeps getting stuck on photos. I then have to downgrade the app and on the downgraded one it keeps forse closing which leads me upgrading again
I always asking for the installation of the messenger ....its sucksssss
Shuts down as soon as i open it
It the most fun thing to do chat play games
Facebook
Wow!!
Too slow
Gjp54321
The new update clearly has a few major glitches that are crucial to the simple operation of the app. Currently, you can open the app but it'll time out before anything is loaded. I cleared the cache and restarted my HTC One M8 to no avail. Another update needs to be released ASAP to fix this.
Why the does this app have to access all my info??
Crashes when viewing profiles. Total rubbish!!
Every time I go on to it and scroll down my news feed it exits out of the app or the whole thing goes white and I have to exit out of it, when things are working why do they have to be changed? It was working fine before and now it's useless
I am happy to use face book
Facebook
Nice
Won't load pictures. How hard is it to just fix things instead of breaking more stuff. Still too big with too many privileges
Dami raicha
I guess everybody having problem with the latest update. I don't know what had happened. Trouble loading news feed and the Website don't even work. There's no news that if the fb had problems or whatever.
While scrolling it suddenly crashes, find a solution ASAP please.
The update sucks. I can't get in at all.
Amezing ..........:)
No longer closes itself properly when you close the app. You have to close manually from app manager.  There's progress eh?
It is not perfect but It allowed me to connect with families and friends. Thank you Mark Z. and facebook techs.
LOVE IT
Gud one
It is very slow, it does not refresh, just need it to keep playing
My super star IS best coach. I love bong OUK SOKUNKANHA kmean thngai chhub
It's very bad version, it always closed after 5 or 10 min, I sent many reports without any action taken.
counter on icon is no more on kitkat..
I can't stop notifications on posts anymore because that little triangle is gone so now I constantly get notified for things I no longer care. Also when I scroll back up on my news feed it doesn't show the option to click on new feed like before that would  automatically take you to the top. Nope now I have to scroll through everything just to get to the top and be able to refresh my timeline. The update sucks!!!!
Fix the bug
I don't know what it is but it wont update. This sucks!!!
Love it
Romania la putere
I only play the games throughout Facebook  i in don't live my life like others. Nobody really wants to know everything you do.
Nice update once again.  Cant open pictures without them automatically closing right away.
My app udated this morning on my Tab 3 and now it doesn't work, it comes on for about 20 seconds then shuts down please fix
Sucks
07091996
Done
I love it
Fix this APP!!!
It's facebook so its kool . but this app doesn't work with my in home WiFi
What's happened very slow , fix it plz
For some reason, links now open within the Facebook app rather than my preferred browser... I now have to click "open with" ... Very clunky. How about letting the user set the preference?


Cant stay on fb for 5second before it cut off please fix
It filters a lot in my news feed. Doesn't always open when I click on someone's name. It's ok. Galaxy s5
Cool app to have when waiting for practice to end.
when I click on new friend request notification or on new notifications,  it directly kik out . fix it and I'll bring back the five stars .
Fuckin force closes every time
Messenger  chat or  facebook. Com
Luv it
Its stopping working and its kicking out all the time.  It happens about 5 days ago and its still the same.
While of a sudden,  just then when I am going to the  notifications it crashes?  Did you do anything weird while I am sleeping and updated it again?
ang ganda.
Fun way to keep up with friends
Helps
Dont load pic on time line gose to top of page  randomly
I heard good things about this app. Now I had to uninstall because my phone slowed down and started to freeze after the 1st update. So Whats UP??? FINALLY Uninstalled now will try once more to install if not then I will just have to blow it off. WILL update this one way or other
Leave the tool bar on the web edition.  Not every one wants stupid little circles that stay on your homepage with new messenger app
Does'nt let me log in
It close by itself. No warning no nothing. Just shuts down
...after last update. And 3 or 4 updates before that were all unstabille. FB, either make it work on android or I wont be using it anymore at all. HTC One S on 4.1
Nyc
Facebook
Hello  friends , hope your all good and well
I got my friends back
Nice application
Ever since i upsated my ph keeps freezing up and say facebook not responding
Fb just throws me out.  This version is horrible.  Please fix the bugs
Superb job
Being able keep in touch with my girls
It keeps kicking me off every couple mins and I don't like the updates on it too much either.. The iPhones have better updates!
Great very convenient
Kabir123
Mr.
lena l7asan
I really like just clicking an icon and I'm there
Right on.
Terrible...takes forever to load pictures, if they load at all. Very very slow now. :(
I love FB SK
07091996
I enjoy all of my friends on fb
Nice app
Crashes all the time on Samsung galaxy tab 3
am satisfied
Cant stay without fb bt it is forced closing hell man....
Xa
The app now won't stay open - it closes virtually as soon as it opens. No chance to read anything. Very disappointed please sort out this new update so that I can actually use the app please
This app is always stoping. Its gotten worse sense the updates. Wtf why cant you fix this f*cking app arent you ppl supposed to be computer geniuses lmao @ you
Always force closes
Need to add specific audience ... when I want to post a comment or picture, I want to be able to hide it from certain people..
Love it
Devige
Fire the bums that test your apps and hire me. You would have known that this app was not ready to put on the market. session expired please sign in agsin. For a measly price of the newist samsung phones as the come available, free unlimited high speed internet and phone srrvice for my area, and an annual salary, paid in full up front, of $75, 000/yr I'll give you the truth
The apps kicked me off after almost 5 sec. And i tried it several times and same issue occure and also i tried to re-install it again same issue as well. Please checkkkkk this ASAP as it is a big bug in the apps.
Awsm
It don't work half the time . I can't log in . I keep getting people I don't know on here.
Good
Works great for what l need it for.
Hahaha bak  was
Good
Love it. Great way to stay in touch.
Where's the turn off NOTIFICATIONS in a post
I can't click someone's name!!! Their links are not working.
Very big app.
best
It needs improvement.
As of a few hours ago it keeps crashing!!!!!!! Sort it out please! !!!
Great social media site to get in touch with family and friends.
It took all night to set up facebook at beginning and it was not complete fix plz
H
Whenever I go on facebook it always freezes and its really slow, please change this.
It is a great messenger app
I have had fb for some time now. The new update is bad, I've heard. Have seen some others use the new update don't like the way it lays out. Tried to upload a pic video I made and you rejected it, but yet a friend uploaded one. Don't want the world to know all that I do. People are better to use Google+, there is so much more to see than on fb, good luck to all who use this update!
Your app has problems it is the only app that force closes on me everytime i open it
because you have to put your email address and your passwords you shouldn't download this game unless you've got email address or password
Why can't I download this app!?!? It was giving me problems so I uninstalled it and now I can't reinstall it!! Why?!?!
Ye khul hi nai raha h ganta ky kiye ho tm log
Get rid of messanger for ios
The update says it gives you the option to turn notifications on and off. Well that has been an option for a while now but since the update I can't turn off notifications for a photos I commented on. There used to be a drop down arrow in the top right corner and now its gone. I don't want to turn off all notifications just certain ones for certain photos or statuses. Also Facebook will just close randomly and I can be scrolled down a good ways through the newsfeed and suddenly it will jump up to the top. 
every single time I try to use it, it kicks me off after 10 seconds no matter what I do. super annoying. never use to do this.
Used to work ok but last update doesn't allow to save photo (?)...consumes quite some ram, also, messenger is mandatory so it's not just 1 app! It goes back to top of the page when it refreshes and it's so annoying..... OK, enough complaining, uninstalling! Better access it with the browser and make a bookmark icon in home screen for 1 click access! Voila! More space, more ram more performance although, not so keen to the eye but info in browser seems faster then through the app so I just prefer what works best, not some fancy visuals! My opinion any ways...
Its good but needs to speed up
Won't load news feed after 2 mins of browsing m on high speed wifi but pics r always loading....
I like the facebook app most of all, but there's a fact that freaks me out! The automatic refesh of news. Why does this happen? Instead of just showing a button where I can click when I want to do it. Is annoying
It's slow and sometimes freezes
***every week updats
Fix the videos from playing. 4 times now ive had to turn it off in settings. Idiots
good.best.exellent.better
Latest status not getting updated or showing on profile, strava posts not syncing, what gives? Now it's crapping out on me every single time I open it..
A necessity if you want mobile access to your FB. Not happy that FB forces you to use their messaging app though so I have no longer have FB messaging.
Naveed tanhia
lovely.. the best facebook app

Super apps this is I like it and I love it.
its ori to keep in touch wit friends :-):-)
Please fix it i can't open the notification
Please fix the video downloader
Loved it
add an event button on pages
My rating must b showing what I want to say about this useless app
Thanks
It's cool but you can only have friends , I have parents 2
Running smooth
But video r not save
Really. I would enjoy this app better if gifs would work with it
Good show
Love it
Figuring out how to do things. It's difficult to find things with the new format. I still haven't found how to locate friends, etc. It's frustrating.
Tooo slow loading
While scrolling through my photo album, the screen randomly goes back to the page where I can see my photos, photos I'm tagged in, albums or synced photos. I am not clicking the back button when this happens, it just randomly occurs. Please fix this. Thanks.  Samsung Galaxy Note 2
I can't click on names anymore.
Cannot open any links through Facebook
Like
This app suddenly started crashing if on for 20 seconds
Loved
Till now its good
Make it more faster
I have never had any problems with Facebook,  but now on my Samsung Tab it just clises every time i open it. I have used this app for several years and now i cant get on. I have deleted the app and reinstalled it, but I still cant get on. VERY FRUSTRATING,  I am an Admin on several grou of s, but now i cant use my tablet. GRRRR                                   I have uninstalled it several times and it still closes when i click on anything. I have "updated" to the newest version and IT IS STILL UNUSUABLE. IF I COULD GIVE 0 STARS, I WOULD.
Very useful app
Love it
At first the MB is just small but when its longer the MB will reach until 66.10 like that. -_-
its gud...
Love it
Having issue having access to fb groups. I tap the fb group name from my timeline it will not take me there.  I have to keep going into llmy List of Groups to gain access. Please fix
Can we please get it to where we can edit the cover photo through Facebook. Every time I upload a cover photo, it's way too big and you can't see the whole thing. FIX OR APP  DELETED.
Slow
Ukuran apk ke gedean!!! Gawe mesenger pisan!!! 
It's almost as if this last update reverted the app back to the beginning. Can barely make it into the app, and god forbid I navigate to anyones page. WTF happened?
its automatically closed...
Forced close with new update. Pls fix the bug.
I like
This app is horrible keeps crashing my phone.now it wants access ti my browsing and device history suspicious behavior.
Keeps closing on it's own
Facebook
Auto update really helps me
Not bad
Subscribe
One thing is need to be fix "log out" problem. Every time i'm logout my id. I'm click on logout and my app going to logout and Thant's a movement my app reopen my id again. I'm do this 5-6 times then my id logout
you always update but nothings gonna be change,...Please remove force install messenger on message..I can't see my messages...tnx!
Sms friend
Raj madhavan
Links to shared stories go nowhere!
A+++++
This app. Suck!
Whatever recent update you guys just put out, well it sucks. I have to reset my phone constantly just to be able to post a status or update my news feed. I constantly have the "can't upload, network error" I never get notifications anymore because it won't update.
A Social Media App.. we may have had our differences, but I Thank You for quit isolating me and making my time here a living he*l. I'm having a much better time!!
Yeah its just the regular thing
Loved

Downloading very slowly
I love the Facebook app but I wish the Facebook home app would be compatible with my LG Optimus Showtime
khalifah arab
Eats up memory on my phone.
Vj
Not like that too slow
Kepala butuh apa ang pa update nih..
I often write notes. And i can't copy what i wrote. When i wrote a note. Unlucky, i refresh this page. And i lost everything. Please, improve the note. Make it better. To much mistake. Can't edit an old note too
Still Crashes regularly on galaxy s2.
luv u fb.
Keeps updating like crazy. Annoying when I wanna find something on someone's page and it takes me to the internet. I would uninstall it but I kinda cant. If you can uninstall it and you have an early model of a droid or Samsung then I advise you uninstall it because your phone battery is shortening everytime it updates
I've never really had a problem with this app until now. All it keeps doing is cutting off when I get so far down my news feed which isn't very far DX
Uses way to much ram
huraan
60332704
Cool
Love it!
Good
I like it because its too gud
aye
Turn off notification and untag option disappeared after last update
Onek kosto hoitacee
The last 2 updates on my galaxy tab have proved to be very unstable, the application will no longer remain open and allow me to use it this needs to be repaired so this application can be used on a tablet
Both are happy
Loved it
Too slow
Robat
Layek
Fayazfayaz
Doesn't matter if im home connected to my wifi or on my lte network, since the last update most photos don't load even after contantly refreshing. This app sucks. Fix it.
Fixed it is very slow
No pictures on my news feed show up - including profile pictures and ones that people post. Clicking on them doesn't load at all. I feel the new upgrade is messing with things more. I like the design, but can we fix the other issues?
I cant even open it longer then 10 min
It'll be 5* when one does not need to go back to the PC.
Driving me mad. It lasts for a few days then knocks me out for days.even now I can't log back in.
Please fix this aaaaarrrghhh!!!
Social media
Has way to much control over my profile randomly changes things on my page and then wont let me change it back
its good
I just love it
Something wrong with this last update when you try to click on the name of a person to get to there profile there no response
Awesome
What a special app of fb
Facebook
Very very very very good
Wtf happened?? Facebook loads then crashes. I've uninstalled n re installed.
The size of the app is getting bigger n bigger. Plz reduce the size of app
I love this
Get rid of the updates. it getting worse . the UI design ia getting ugly and unprofessional . First big problems causing to much MB size in internals so it cant install a lessthan  a hundred . totall MB size is 144 mB on internal so you can't install if you wont get rid of your favoritw apps. i wish the next update will change the settinga and i can now move in external storage card
rizallubnan@yahoo. co.id
Nice
It's a good app
Nos.1
Like it
Awesome
I don't understand why I can't click on my friend's names or pages anymore. I have to search them instead. Please fix this.
Keeps kicking me off the app. Wont load at all. Tried reinstalling made no difference. Sort it.
Difficult to install new version and old one freezing. Uninstalled and reinstalled still cannot access fb. It shuts down automatically as soon as it opens..?
Ok
Awsom
U
Why do I have to download FB Messenger just to see my messages? Everything was just fine the way it was.
Great using it on the go
Great
Micromax canvas a089 android jelly bean.. Asking to upgrade device. What to do now???
Ok je
i luv u
When you click on a name it doesn't go to their time line. Can't see the top story on my feed it's blocked by the message bar
When I click peoples names it won't open there profiles on my z3 phone pls fix
It keeps freezing on me kicks me off I always update the application n it does the same thing I dont know what to do with Facebook app anymore gettin tired of updates n they dont work
The new built in browser sucks.  Half the pages do not load.
Not able to view newsfeed..... too much problem arises after software update.... reported problems many times.... bugs not yet fixed....
Profile viewer should be able and free without any need for an application
Don't really know why its so hard for them to make most recent posts default, by now you think they could have gotten the hint most popular is not what we want. They redo the interface enough I don't see how it could be a problem. Will give 5 stars once they fix.
Loved it
New version is terrible I can't stay on there for more then 10 seconds before it shuts down
It Works So Slow
Not for low memory device.
Nice
Since the update, facebook only allows me on for all of five seconds then the app closes down with no explanation! Used to use this app a lot, sort it out!!
It kicks me off after 10 seconds.  Why does this app work on my samsung phone but not my samsung tablet.  I use my tablet for work and share ideas on FB with other teachers.
Thats good
Nice
Bulacan
Anil
Can't stay on the page for more then 5mins, had to remove then install again, hare it since it updated
Great game
Almost no pictures or links load.
Booted every time I visit another fb site.  Uninstalled and reinstalled but continues to force close.  Bug!  Please fix.  Thank u
No complaints
I run two business on Facebook, one with staff. Its extremely important that Facebook runs with out suddenly closing
So cool
Face booooook
Since the recent update this app is shocking! Takes ages to update wall, contacts online doesn't update and errors updating profile pic! Not good
I get it, we need messenger to send messages to FCBK friends. Enough with the reminders in my Facebook App. I can either install or learn more. Is there a way to ignore?!
Goes out all the time
Games. Stores
Not bad, but the auto-scroll to top is REALLY ANNOYING
Facebook
Not too shabby.  The layout is just swell. But i still cant figure out how to make the pretty girls talk to me.
Good
Don't force the users to install your messenger. You're annoying and your facebook messenger is more annoying. Let the users use the message in the facebook app.
Every time I go on someone's profile it says error loading.
Pics and profiles don't load anymore. Fix the problem please. I'd like to see what my friends have shared.
Im using note 3 and i dont have any other apps installed after the update from fb now im experiencing too much lagg tine and also kept on logging in.. wtf!
Its great but its so slow and the new version is needed. It needs updating but it is great on apple devices
facebook
Thanks
Cant view pokes, account information, blocked list, loads so slow. Fix this please!!
Keep up with family and friends
Every time I scroll past a video, the app freezes. I try exiting the app by going home or pressing back and neither help. I have to restart the app to get it to work, but of course I lose my place in my feed. It's a nuisance.
No longer shuts down, need to force quit every time or it eats up my battery. App isn't customized to android (ex. uses photoroll from ios). No thumbnails when posting links. Stop notifications on posts not working. No option to set most recent feed to standard. And with the latest, opening links in the fb app, videos don't play properly, top menu of sites is allover the screen while scrolling, and can't do anything anymore when it comes to soundcloud links (as I'm not logged in).
This app is very good
Plz bring the order version
℅℅℅℅℅℅℅℅℅
After i update it really suck man ...
App wont stay open past a few seconds before it closes
It keeps kickin me off facebook
Love it
Won't open
Doesn't load pics and doesn't show likes or comments sometimes.... very frustrating! Also, has gotten really boring with the feeds chosen and the ads are lame! Not worth my time anymore.
Loved It
I have a Nexus5. I've had FB installed for over a yr and this never happened before. I tried reinstalling but didn't fix it. Anyone else have this issue?
Facebook
When I scroll down on my news feed or some one else's the pictures or videos won't load...until then 2 star
Nice
No
It won't load profiles it gets on my nerves
I like the aplication! Works good on Samsung S4 mini. Please add "Share in private message" option. Cannot share like in browser something, by sending private IM with the video/text etc.
How do i make my sync photos off private and availible to get it on the web
What have you done? After the new update my app keeps crashing... Please fix it
Not responding. Every update seems to just make it worse.
Khan
Hi
Snanm
Great way to renew and make friends!
Titile
Won't stay open for more than 3 seconds on my tablet! What in the world, Facebook?
I keep getting kicked off wth? Use to work great now sucks
Awesome
Very poor update ever seen. Why the updation is done? Very sad. Shame for Updation.
Good
It is a very useful app however it is very slow and freezes sometimes
Not feeling too confident about FB's security
Its really awesome
I can't open any app when I tried to it shutdown , I can't stay on it more than 5 minutes
Good one
Outstanding and lovingly application for the people and all population of India
Ok
Awful crashes all the time!!!
It crashes as soon as I open it.
Keeps crashing,
Why do updates that cause more problems???
Slow on my S4. Profiles only load the background picture.  Then the app will flash gray to the point i have to turn the phone off
It kept crashing. Worked fine before update. Now I can't even get on. Then I deleted the app and uploaded FB again. Now it works better then ever. So if your having problems try it.
no like
It's great but all of a sudden I unable to get in it? What wrong with it do I have to unstall then restall
I don't like Facebook taking me to it's own private web browser. You guys won't get even more passwords and user login info. From me, than what I'd allow. It's hooey compared to google chrome. I also can't unfolllow a post when I lose interest anymore what gives?
Something is wrong with viewing my timeline. Whenever I click on myself I get a little picture of cloud with a sad face saying error loading stories! I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app and the problem is still coming up on my brand NEW HTC ONE (m8).
Good app
Awesome
Stop notifications option doesn't work in app, pressing on someones name doesnt bring me to their page, tried to get on the app and it keeps blinking a white to black blank screen.
I can't click on any friends. So I'm basically limited to what I see on my news feed.
Very marwalas
Like
That's how long I can be on Facebook before getting kicked off. Two words: it sucks.
Can't stay on page 10 to 15 seconds shuts off why.?
You cant make a profile that you want, you can only  put your name and it couldn't even put my name wtf. Instagram is better. You can make your account on anything
Love this application
Every time an upgrade hits its like you guys go back to garbage...now every time i click on upload a pic out forces shutdown....stop putting out these updates if out takes away things please
Very better apps,  I like this apps
I know im not the only one who has a problem with the app shutdown after 5 seconds because im not the only one who is commenting this yet there is no fix it wasn't like this before and it needs to be fixed asap so for now 1 star
Can not stay without fb
Not a good search
EM
Awesome
ram
So cool
This takes up too much space. I cleared it all bc of low storage and when I relaunched it (without logging in) it jumped to 75.5mb!
Its not working properly
Seems to have upgraded and I have lost the ability to do anything...its on for a couple of seconds and then shuts itself down....waste of time...GET IT FIXED
I love it. I go on it every day.
Unable to open.....huh
Is good for my system of life
Thank you so much you always updating all the informations...
Its very good.
After the latest updation Facebook going to be hang??? What's the reason?
Too many crash since update will not update again and just may uninstall totally
It's very simple application and it's very better application than other application
Keep crashing after the latest update. Simply a big FAIL. A big tech brand like this produces such poor app, I just don't get it. the app  development team needs to be fired.
I love
Keep getting kicked off of Facebook not happy
Young thug ft. Rich homie quan
Waccer
If I could give it -5 stars I would, ever since the new update it got slower than ever, it even makes my tablet slow in general...this app goes from bad to worse in every update, no Facebook, just NO!
Each time I scroll past 20 or so stories, the app crashes. I have no idea what is going on, I uninstalled and reinstalled, and its still not working.
Love it
Not been able to do much since updating this morning plz sort this out  its the same with my argos app
Stop it
Messenger app is still completely unnecessary and now with latest update, Facebook contacts sync whether I want to or not, no matter how many times I alter the settings,  and now this crap of a browser window for Facebook...  Talk about pulling a MySpace move let's see how long this lasts
It better app for fb
C
After the new update it wants to crop whatever picture I want to use for a profile picture!! Don't care for the new set up...there was nothing wrong with the old one, u should of left it alone. And get rid of top news!!! Nobody cares about it, just leave the news feed as most recent
Sloooow
mohan jogran
Will not let me log on . It kicks me bavk to the home page..
Halimaalido
Love it bitcch
Crashes worse than a toddler driving an F1 race car. Nice job on the update. Did the devs actually get paid to be this bad at their jobs?
Its better
Doesn't matter if I'm on Wi-Fi or mobile data, photos and link pictures will not load.
Good
After 6 worthless updates finally working. My software also had an update. So from one or the other im good to go. Galaxy tab 3 10.1
Great
I love facebook
***
Now my facebook doesn't go to the status or update when you click on the notification. Fix it back please!
So nice
Anytime I try to download this app it says there is insufficient space on this device
Face to face
Links now open within the app rather than in a browser of my choosing. This severely compromises my browsing capabilities, especially when I have to wait while content heavy pages take ages to load in the foreground. I was previously able to continue browsing my newsfeed while multiple links loaded up in the background. I want to open links in a browser of my choosing from my feed, not within the app!
It superbbbbbb !!!!
Amazing....
Okey
It's too much problem to view my face news
I've never seen a slower app than this...may the users rest in peace !
Worse after last update. Crashes when changing views, on posting, when trying to add photos (which is clumsy as hell with the new interface). As of this week's update, crashes immediately on opening the app
Love it
I really think the android tablet view needs to be updated. The view of feeds takes up the entire screen. Would really like to see a version for tablets.
It always kick out after reviewing new feeds
That's always something wrong when updates come around...you would think that what make people realize we don't need anymore
B
It crashes every 15-30 seconds. Fix it and I'll give 5 stars...
Good
I like it so much because it is speed and it is awesome and thanks to the designers
Esta lenta 
I use the mobile website through my browser with no issues.  I try to use the app, pictures won't load.  Stories are all mixed up even after clicking "Most Recent" it stays "Top Stories" even puts no replies as top stories.
yup its crap
It's so fast n reliable.
B
I preferred it when I could access the notifications while I was reading most recent. Now when you go to anything other than TOP you lose access to the tabs. Also pictures take forever to load and sometimes don't. It is the app, not the net. Facebook mobile doesn't have this problem. Now the app won't open at all sometimes.
Loves
Fineit is working fast
Excellent
It's imposible to turn off this application by itself.
Its fine
if i can only have Black Theme
Very slow speed.,, wtf
Good
cool
Everytime I press install it will say its installing but then it doesn't
I updated the app and now none if the pics or videos even show on the timeline. It just keeps loading!
You need to be able to block the games for all games I don't play games and don't want requests for them
Goog
Great app...
U
Since recent update I have to force close the app and reopen it to get anything to load.  Also the new pop - up that covers the screen after and shares or comments is super annoying.
I can't even get in I try to start an account but it won't let me register into facebook if it would let me register in I would probably like it
Such a mess...... message wont be deliver...
1 min baad hi bnd hu re hy..
Great app but has crashed 6 times in the laat ten minutes even with phone reboot. No report option ever popped up! #fail
This app is so slow at times
Hu
Keep it up,,,,!
Uploading a photo causes the app to crash
ok
Absolute SHlT! Can't do anything on Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, unless you can do something in 5 seconds max. App shuts down after around 3 seconds average, or sometimes it shuts down automatically after you open it. This is worse than the update before, because it still closed down when trying to watch videos, check notifications, etc. 0/5 stars deserved.
You can chat play games and take photos multitasking
Good this
User are sharing the HQ video but no video quality settings available and all the video playing are in lower quality. Please fix it.
Very slow. Crashes every minute and drops me off. Unstable. I prefer less options but better stability and speed.
I'm  Locked out the Stupid App won't Accept  My Password, or email the Code,  SUCKS
Woiw
Im gulab
Always forces close. Cant stay on for longer than 5 seconds at a time.
Dont do update.. Older version is better...this is waste ...
I can't click someone's name to go to their news feed. . Fix this or I'm  Uninstalling it
Why I must have messenger installed????
I don't know what you did but tanks, everything is runing good now
Pranam! Jai Ramji ke! Om Namah Shivay! HANd!
I keep getting game requests and i can barely go ti bed before another game request
App is awesome although I dont like the fact that we have to  get the fb messager app to
Munafir munafir 61445
It keeps closing on me, every time I open it it closes right away can't make it work please debugg! !
Shitttt i can't log in my accUn fb
Good
Very slow loading it bored me
Best
It's what the update says. It's gone from crashing occasionally to crashing as soon as its loaded. This app is unusable!  From looking on the net, it looks like I'm not the only one who is having these problems.
Its a little bit repetative when it comes to updates, but other than that I have not had any problems.
You for ever in my heart
Refreshes when reading something, annoying sort algorithm
Its much better now
I love it Facebook
Crashes everytime i open it.  Use something else
Nice
I have no troubles it is a very very good app
Durgesh
Yummy
Hi your asome
After update fb always make me angry because it always kick out. Pls take note.
Was better before the recent update don't like the way its set up now..is there a way to undo the "update"
Great
When clicking on someone's name it won't open.  Please fix this!!!!
Too slow! My phone get hanged all the time!
When I go to open the app it always has a issue with updating my news feed. Before the update I didn't have this problem. I will not use the app when I can go on the internet and it works better.
I can't see anyone pictures now and if i can it takes a long time for that picture to load
Face book
Crap app
Works good now
It is good software
Good
Thanks your app is very useful i really like it ;)
This app is OK, but it can get very slow and sluggish at times. You guys really need to find a way for the app to use less data.
Mustefaaman
Only gave one star to be able to write this... otherwise...NO STAR FOR THIS COCK UP....              App closes 10-20 seconds after opening... was fine before update.. sort it out facebook..
Takes forever to get into facebook, Always shows a gray or black screen for 30 seconds. Keyboard always crashing when trying to post.
Why do they need access to everything?
Won't allow profile to come up when I select someone's name from a post. Please fix!!!
pls update photo comment feature....
When I try to type a message my keyboard blocks what I'm typing Facebook page d oesn't fit right
Why im always unstalling this apps?? This is not good!!
buvana
What happened? I even tried reinstalling it and it will not connect.
Samsung  S4
Good
Its total crap, used 2 b gud nw takes 4ever to load even with strong conection available
Lovely beautiful & dynamic
Hahaha
Anything i click,  anything i do,  it closes the app. Annoying.
It just won't stop lagging! I have a flagship phone, a Sony Xperia Z. It shouldn't be lagging! Something is wrong with this app. Also, when I'm scrolling down my feed, and I stop to read something, it resets itself and goes back allllll the way up. It's annoying and really gets me angry. FIX PLEASE.
While scrolling down reading feeds and the app refreshes, I would just find myself back up on top with the new newsfeeds. Terribly annoying as I would lose what I was reading and/or would no longer find it when I scroll down again to look for it. Please fix and then will give more stars.
Good update
GARBAGE. Wont load profiles when the bold name/link to their profile is clicked on, Wont load photos on feed, wont load anything. Slow and buggy. Crashes a  ton. The last update really screwed it up.
093229291
Keeps force closing whenever I select anything thats not the news feed. Please, break up your circle jerk and fix this.
Never works at on 4G or wifi.  It's just a waste.
So nice I love it
Can't open the notification
Keeps kicking me out after afew seconds please fix
Fab...
Fantastic
With this ne "update"Everytime I try to message someone or even read it it brings up "error please login again" repetativly. Tried restarting. Logging out and back in. And do the same with the messanger app itself too. Very disappointed please fix
Facebook is a good chatting sub.
When I want to post any photo I have to scroll down till the bottom to search the photo. It doesn't have the folder for the photos. Facebook should arrange them. Please fix it. Please..
Why did you remove the option to turn on or off notifications for posts that I have commented on?  Really would love to have that option back......
everything  iz  jst  great
fun but down load slow slow slow
bjj
Facebook
I am dy
Amazing
These app is very slow and dosnt upload profile fast...
The best app
(Y)
The updated, faster app.. freezing and errors as not responding.. oh, and still the videos stop after 10secs.. well done Facebook - thanks for nothing!!!
This facebook is becoming wack with all the latest updates forcing it close or lagging.. I can't seem to any typying from the latest update it keeps closing when I try to do anything
Every time I update this app it progressively gets worse.
MmmmmmM
Junk
Loved listening to your station.
Its not letting me Upload videos Like wtf
Every time crush!
Very slow now
This new version is much better than older one.
Facebook is very slow now. My other apps works just fine. Fix this problem please.
Profile of other ppl doesn't load. Also after search too. Pls fix it soon
For some reason, it only works if I reinstall the app every time. Once I close and reopen I can't load the news feed or access any settings..

,
Its cool
Bagus
I hate it when it keep on promoting messenger -,-
im not able to download fbk
Qa 120
I will open the app and after it loads it will close its self. Plz fix
It won't let me unfriend people or see there time line
9.9
This is very good facebook.
facebook
Sharankumar .desai
This app is crazy.it kicks me off after 3 seconds
Instant messenger is no bueno
I have to uninstall and reinstall all the time just to read fb. It won't even let me log out.
Terimakasih... ( WIYASA GROUP )
Every time I try to create an event, it doesn't let me. It says there was a problem. Been happening for 2 weeks now! Please fix and get 5 stars.
Luv
francis
Nice application easy to run facebook like pc
Love it
Keeps closing on me. What did you do?
Goes automatically on near top. Posts disappeared from news feed after that happen. Its getting worse n worse.
Lovelet Minash
Why you removed this button? What if i want to turn off that notif coming?!
WoW
App on Andriod for Note 3 crashes after recent update on clicking Notifications at least 80% of the time.
Needs integrated messaging service so I don't need to download two different app's
Names and group links don't respond when clicked. Very difficult to persevere with!
Cant find the turn off notification button since the last update. Fix this pls
I love Facebook  it is really good if you are not on Facebook join now (Lol
I love Facebook but you did something way wrong can't even get on doesn't even deserve one star now fix it and my rating will go up.
I cant click on ppls names on my timline an pictures bearly load it is slower than ever please fix
Facebook has been crashing before and after update. But now the app won't load. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it, idk what to do.
Patil
Too bad to be true.... Slow...  120mb of data???  My smartphone doesn't have an hdd.... :( need to intall messenger to sendo messages???  Are you kiding??
Updated today, but it won't stay open. It shuts down all the time. I uninstalled/reinstalled but it's the same. Need fix right away. Using a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 with Android 4.4.    Latest update still won't work. It continues to shut down immediately on opening. It's completely unusable.
Cool
Can't click on people's names in the newsfeed to look at their profiles anymore and now can't see notifications or menu button from your newsfeed you have to keep clicking back to the first page. Very annoying!!
I am very happy with this apps
****
Awsome to no people
Sucks so hard.....
Sometimes its so slow
This is good app ... and I am using this app this fast and simple
My app keeps shutting down I can't look at anything.

Doesen't work on android 4.0.4....
Updated app, now when i open it, it closes 10 seconds later....... surely this shouldnt happen, totally useless, absolute POS
Nothing is more frustrating than being in the middle of reading something and this app snatches it away to display some new posts that have come in. And often when it does it, the post that you were previously reading can never be found again. Just because it's new doesn't mean that I want to see it now. I not only hate this app but really starting to hate Facebook overall. Kids have already figured out that other services serve their needs better.
Good for businesses
Just shows setting up FB or just a moment...
Hi
I can't get to anyone else's timeline. The link doesn't work. Have you people even tested this? Why release crap that doesn't work? Get it together, idiots. Samsung galaxy s5.
Facebook
it keeps crashing.  fix this please.
I don't know what was in this update but now it won't load.  The screen pops up with the loading circle but then closes right out. If I get a notification I can see that but as soon as I try to go to my news feed it closes out! This app worked YESTERDAY!  Its a great app so make it great again!
It'd be great if it actually worked...

I like this app easy comments with photos . Tags and others ...
And awesomely
Iss m kick h
By venu b4u
For some reason FB now only stays open for about 10 sec and clicks off. I tried to unistall and reinstall but now worst.  Why???
What the hell man, you removed the friend, message, notification icon in most recent tab? 1 star
Closes within seconds of opening. What is going on???? Fix it so it works on Samsung Note, PLEASE!!!!!!!!
Slow
There was a recent update. When I try to open the app, it automatically close.  I'm really disappointed.
Makes no sense at all, why have the feeds in 2 diff places? Now no notifications in Most recent mode. NOOOOOBODY wants top stories...its stupid!
Why?Can't dwnld applction?
Majoko
When i try to load it up it go to white screen for 25 secs then kicks me off
Please dont let us force to install fb messenger
Awful. Images not loading.
patrisalea@yahoo. CPO.uk
Application still falling :(
Not yet 5 seconds I opened the apps, suddenly shut down by itself!! Well.. uninstall! !
Ze
Kelwa harsh
Super
Every time i click on a picture or someones name it crashes. I tried reinstalling the app, no changes. This app is garbage.
Not good

C'est normal d
It's amazing.
Can't stay on fb more than5 seconds
I hate it!
Never had a problem till a few weeks ago, doesn't load, have tried re-installing it several times, nothing helps, feed up!
Keeps quitting when I try to use it. Have it on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1.
Would not open link
Good
crashed
Excelent
I have found so many old friends I love it!!!!

Its all. Right I guess
I can post and send message faster
Tomasito ortiz
much better :)
Crasha 4 volte su 5. Insopportabile, anche perch谷 annulla eventuali post e foto in fase di caricamento
Facebook and Zuckerberg need to REASSESS their "community standards" and REMOVE PAGES THAT CALL FOR ASSASSINATIONS OF SITTING ELECTED OFFICIALS. The fact that fb won't remove a page that calls for the capture and killing of POTUS is disgusting. SHAME ON Facebook, SHAME ON Zuckerberg.
While posting status, whenever I try to use feeling, looking, playing and other options it is not working.
Maybe if you stop forcing me to get messenger I would rate 5 .....
Crashes as soon as I touch the screen to like, comment, etc.
Great
Loved it
fb I lop
Home Service Alert: Elevator Alert: Main Street Station, bus to concourse to eastbound platform, out of service for planned maintenance until March 2014. Last updated at Feb 16, 8:24 AM Service Alert: UPDATE: 59 Maple Leaf route diverting bothways via Dante, Demarco, due to a water main at Lawrence and Culford. Last updated at 1:03 PM Service Alert: 162 Lawrence-Donway divided into two routes going east & west at Sunnybrook Hospital due to water main break at Lawrence & Brian Cliff. Last updated at 1:27 PM
Love it
Constantly claims no connection.. slow as hell.... sucks
Easy to use
Since new update, no photos at all
Pranab Mallick Mallick 14 @gmeil. Com
EVERY SINGLE UPDATE SUCKS! PICTURES IN TIMELINE WONT  LOAD, CONSTANTLY FREEZING UP AND APP CLOSES ON IT'S OWN.
I'm tired of all the updates. Quit changing how the app is setup and how it works.  It's getting annoying.

This the worlds No.1 social network   which  is best to chat to our friends and relatives who are far from our home.
Links open within Facebook and not the browser?! Change it back! It sucks, constantly loading.
Supper good social app.. nice
Options keeps resetting itself after each update.
better performance
YO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Amazing application..used by me since 2006..i think we lived togethar more than my brothers...
Constant crashing since the latest update. On a note I I.
Like I said. Crashes everytime.

This was truly eady for users and good manag
Veryyyy goood
Navjot singh
Danushka
The links to names and groups stopped working with the upgrade.
I can't sync my contacts I just got the droid turbo
azad singh
Please fix keeps closing 10 to 15 seconds on back to home page on galaxy tab 3 tablet the reviews show alot of people are having the same problem.
Faster
Best
I like
Cool
Good
Glad to know I'm not the only one having these problems. Thought it was my phone or something. Hope you gdt it fixed soon.
(Y)
It uses too much memory.
This is a popular app and there are lot of users On it so I think that this a good app download it in your android andenjoy
C N
HATE IT
Download the home app, then download Facebook. Worked for me acts just like regular Facebook
Face book is good app
Stinky
Not dat good
Emaway
Thi app is very good but I gave one star less because of too many updates
I can do anything I want
it close without log out perfectly.. preety damm
This is crushing the facebook network. Poor app. This app freezes on a white screen and crashes and is so slow to load anything. Please fix. 2.5 million people are unhappy so far.  Fix it!!

When i open it i can only stay on for a few seconds and it shuts down. Never done that before i updated your app.
Liked very much
No so ....
Veto
The app on my Samsung Tab 3 closes on its own every time I use iti get about 30sec before it closes
Its has been updated to suit the user' desire thanks facebook team
Its getting much slower
Well i geuss its got better and when i get bored i have fb to amuse me
It's amazing
Cool!!
Since the new update I can't get on fb it just kicks me off fix it now thanks
The best
I click on someone's name & it doesn't send me to their page.. bugs or something please fix!!!! :(
The latest version is crashing continously on nexus5 after upgrade. Avoid upgrading to 20.0.0.25.15 version
Very slow and laggy since the last update. Please fix! I use Facebook almost everyday in my life. This is where I can communicate with friends far away from me.
Ever since i updated it it keeps kicking me off i cant do anything please fix this
Doesnt work properly. This is the worst app I have ever downloaded!!
It continuously says that it isnt responding as soon as i open it, and sometimes it even closes out of the app when i go to do something.
This is a great way to share photos and info with friend and family. Fine old friend and make new ones.
video that m send or upload ia black, hear only sound, plaese tell me what was a problem.... is there from my phone or app problem
Not open video full
Blanks,Lags,Sloww as f .It doesnt load recent post too :(
And now my ability to stop following a post has disappeared,  bring it back
If the goal is to get me to use the app less often, it's a success. Can't do anything because it's so slow. Not connectivity or hardware, everything else I have works fine. UPDATE - uninstalled and after reinstalling the app won't go past the login screen. Guess they made the choice for me.
Always updates... why this kolavery
Crap !!!!   Keeps closing. Fix your junk
Pohto
the best #Imcrazyaboutit
king        in.  g
Most images wont appear. Always erroring on the news feed and constantly tapping to try again. Not content.
:
I updated and lost the ability to turn off notifications on something I don't want to see everyone's comments on. It's quite annoying.
Manoj
New app will not stay open for more than 5-10 seconds.
Why u force me to download the massenger. The holi crap thing
Excellent
Its love life
poor
Nice.......
Pbohare
Star
Update froze app when I tried to open photo. Can only see that photo now even when I close it and reopen.  Don't  update until FB fixes it as its useless.
Like
Its amazing x
Good
When you click on someone's name from your time line it won't go to their page, it won't share anything eithwr and half of the time doesn't show or give u the option to share anything. Pictures take forever to upload now and it's been kicking me off in the middle of something for no reason.....
Nice applications that i want in my bored life.
Connection timeout ever since the last two updates. Other apps work fine on my phone but somehow facebook is the only one that times out on me. I have to reboot phone and it works for a few hours before same problem arises again. Please fix. Unusable right now.
Amazing
I Still Cannot View Most Recent Stories
Mahsum
I like
Mst use
I love facebook
After last update, can't tap on names that are tagged in a status
Loads too slow and keeps crashing on me :(
This is freaking amazing app im not lying I rate this 5 star cause if u downloaded it yo will see what is freakin amazqing
King
Great update
Not good for children
Simple to use and fast
Pictures take too long to open when is the update for the unending timeout
Not to shaby
App  won't load keeps crashing while. ...
I can't get nearby friends to work
Babaaaaaaaaaaaal
Good
88904 19542
Weathered barn
Before the update pics and videos would load but ever since I updated it, it don't do it anymore it SUCKS!!!! Please fix it.
After my last update this app sucks it crashes after a few seconds the old app was fine why they changed it? I cannot believe why facebook didn't fix this!,
Nice
Best way to waste ur data
Nice
Nc wow
Can't stay on for more than 3 seconds without it crashing. Fix this!!! Samsung S5
Nice strategy to get maximum download for messenger.but we will not download messenger for chatting. I didn't get any notification from Facebook.
I cannot scroll through my news feed without it crashing. Please fix this. Pretty soon if this keeps up I will stop using the app and possibly Facebook all together. I cannot be on there for more than 20 seconds without the app crashing. This needs to be fixed.
It okay.
Low quality pictures and takes too much space.please fix all the problems and i'll give u 5 stars
When is Facebook going to get it through their heads that everyone wants to see most recent stories at the top? Also, the app keeps running in the background since the last update. I have to actually go in and end the process.
Man
Good
I seen best app in my life ever........
its very nice #amazing
Won't sync my contacts anymore what happened? !
FB doesn't load with me on Wifi. My mopile is Galaxy S4. I need to know how to fix cuz it's the only app on my phone that doesn't load on Wifi. I called the Internet company and they had nothing to do. Ps: it's not only me, my mother's Note3 Also doesn't load on wifi  & FB  SAYS to the both of us "Error can't load feeds"
Most recent upgrade is terrible.   Facebook is no longer working.   Nothing will load.
I PROMISE YOU I WONT UPGRADE AGAIN! Defit a dwngrade and a waste of memory space!
Great always works
Cant see news feed!
I can't read articles easily anymore. And the fact that you guys are forcing people to download messenger is so stupid. I'm starting to hate it.
The old app was much better. Really frustrating that it doesn't play videos!!
Ajay
I love it!!! but please more updates and designs.. but i love it!! <3
When i go to my profile no top bars like notifications message etc. Pls bring back those
Slow connection
Rk
good
Monche
Good apps

Mobile push notifications hasn't worked for several weeks, for group post and comments.  Also there are two separate settings,  which one actually controls everything????
Social network
Good application
This is very nice ok.
So fast
Upgrade share peoples.how can i see how much peoples share my posts on they wall
Keeps closing when I look at a fb page. Can't stay on. Tried to remove and reinstall now even worse!
Civil,Electrical,Architecture,Project Management and PU Floorings
Nice
Facebook
Slow
Super
For on the older version
Takes too long to boot up using up my data usage
puf
Khan zareen
Ever since the new update Facebook is a complete failure!! Please fix right away!!
I updated but I cannot post  anything, why, why why?
V
Works fine on my S4 but keeps crashing on my tab 3.
It is a good app
It's a really good feature that I've noticed lately. Thanks Facebook devs.
Thapa
Sucks balls! !!!!
Its too good
It's most interesting
App sucks keeps crashing and have problems logging in and when I do get on it stops W t h did y'all do to it
Good
Very poor service. Need to be update all the time. Takes long time to log in. :(
Cant chat on mesenger when using fb. ,
Uhhhh
Awesome
Good
So bad it occupies alot of space it hangs alot
Tartee
Stop updating it never works
It keeps on forcing me to upload messenger
Very good site
Very very nice
App is closinng directly within 15 to 20 min on my samsung tab 2. Im using dis app for last 2 years but dis problem starts jus last 2 weeks look into this problem urgently ..
Try to click on names or pages of people that get tagged in posts... won't take me to those pages.
App needs improvement!!
Latest update does now allow me to tap on someone's name in my news feed and bring me to their page. I have to either search for a friend or scroll all the way thru my friends list. I have a Samsung galaxy 5. Very frustrating PLEASE fix. Also I will note again that messenging should be part of this app. I should not have to download a second app to view and respond to my messeges. Otherwise is a five star app.
Good
Ok
it is amazing
Suddenly just started to close down on me the app just keep turning off
Too many bugs and consistantly freezes
Cool to have connection
I'm like
17'09'36-1
I don't know what happened. Can't stay on the app for too long, keeps on crashing.
Kinda cool
Very good I like
Good
Not letting me go to any of my friends pages when I tap there name on the news feed. Super slow also.
When I've updated it it kicks me out straight away you need to fix it!! They wasn't anything wrong with it before!!!!!!!!
Waste
Extra . Ova aplikacija je super
Slam
I can't click on a name to go to their profile. It makes it impossible to navigate. Seriously it's been days.  Fix it!
Dear Facebook.... your app is the worst. I don't want, nor should we be forced to download yet another app to view OUR messages! FB you fail. Update: still hate it!
Wow
Odd how it works on my galaxy phone but not my galaxy tablet. Any chance you could use some of your vast resources and sort it out please.
Kept crashing, so removed updates them installed again seems to be ok at the moment.
Best
T
This last update screwed up everything again. Wish I could undo it.  There is no way anymore to turn off notifications on specific posts anymore from the notification tab.   You have to go to the page and scroll through the whole thing to find the post where it can be turned off.   Ridiculous.  Also forever loading times on pics if they load at all.  It was working great for about a year after a year of messy performance and bag updates.  Here we go again apparently 
clearly something wrong with it was working fine until the last update. now keeps closing app after a few seconds!
Shuts down about 5 to 10 seconds after I  log in or tap on anything.  Please fix.  Can't  use at all.
:)
The last few updates have made this app worse on my tablet. It used to force close when I clicked any link, now it force closes whenever I open the app. It works fine on my phone.
Aplikacija je do jaja svi je koristimo nemam rijeci stvarno
Error
Awesome
I like it
A Smile so brite.it brings day light to the night.
I hate it
It keeps on saying "setting up Facebook" so I'm trying to uninstall and reinstall that might work but this app freezes up like this way too much. It needs to be faster.
I hate that you have to download the messenger app...... I don't like being made to do something that I don't want to do. Luckily I've found a way round it so I don't have to have that messenger app..... It might take me a few seconds longer but I don't care.
Civil engineer graduated from University of jordan since 1983, interested in construction infrastructure related to housing schems , water networks, sewage
Nice
Just updated FB,and now it crashes repeatedly on my Nexus. Can't find any way to resolve this.
This is very very slow........ Needs more improvement and  speed.
Just as others are complaining, I cannot click on names in the newsfeed and go to their timeline!!! Also,, peoples pics arnt loading well.My feed is full of empty boxes that load eventually /sometimes!!! *deep sigh* Please fix and leave the ap alone!!!!!!
Face book
Loved it
I deactivated my account, I clicked the reason "its temporary, I'll be back" then, I deactivated. It says that I can activate my account by just logging in. But now, I cant log in and I cannot access my account. Please, help me. I used to be a fan of fb and now Im quite disappointed.
Something is wrong with y'alls devices cause this works perfect
Easy to use
Plz add translate & copy-paste options..
It works fine 02/11/14
Hye
you
It's missing and I don't know where to find it, it's slower than ever.
With the recent update, I am not able to share any news articles on my Facebook page anymore. Sucks!
I love fb
App crashes after few seconds of scrolling feed, every time. App now unusable.
mpc.1865
With this update not only does it not work but its also messing up other apps on my phone. Its even messing up my phone calls, texting, music.. everything. Facebook app is destroying my phone and I'm about to delete it. Violates too much privacy, and wants too much space. *NO STARS*
Liked it vry mch
On a samsung galaxy tab, app opens and immediately closes after a few seconds! ! Useless! !
:)
only works when it wants to
Whats the matter facebook? It wont stay long. Its just like open for a few minutes then it will kick me out.this is so annoying. Tried clearing cache and reinstalling facebook but still didbt help.i guess its about the update. Please fix this.
When I try to upload photos (in a group or on my wall) Facebook just shuts down. Wtf???
Sahin
Good Like
I like this because its working very fast because my phone name is intex aqua y2
It is not downloading for the play store
It is very fast even on 2G
It kept dropping out on my galaxy tab3 with the last upgrade so I have uninstalled and reinstalled a couple of times and now it doesn't want to open or if it does on, y lasts 5 seconds and it closes down. Please fix
I always open it and it says no internet connection.. but I got 3G
It keeps kicking me off ive uninstalled n restalled keep doing
SHET
So cool
This app its so slow installing!!!

Just want to let you know that since the new update, the app closes itself with 30 seconds or so. Either turns to a black screen, or white screen then pauses, like it's frozen. Sometimes crashing or going back to original page. I tried to restart my device, and checked and it does happen on any page. Hope this helps to fix the issue.
It's great love it!
FIX IT ON THE SAMSUNG TAB 3!
to much memory use when lunching this app
Not working after recent update. Pictures won't load. Galaxy S5
like
It's fine
So bad
Nang wA
There are only 3 to 5 people showing in my news feed though i have so many friends active in browser!!!
Facebook
Where is Turn off notifications ?? Its sooo annoying ..
This app helps me to enjoy myself
What's with the news feed not hiding or unfollowing people or pages? I have to do it everytime I open the app. Where's my option to hide photo's that i've liked from friends? Seriously fix this & stop suggesting crap like games, pages or people to me, I'll find them on my own terms. Please remove the sync all the facebook albums. Why is fb showing posts of an event I declined. I never asked for this crap on my phone.
panu tanwar
Can't click on links from my news feed every since the update.  What's going on?
good
It is HORRIBLE!! Everytime I click on someone's name, nothing happens. Before you could click on a persons name, and it would go right to that persons page. Now it does nothing. It sure would be nice if this were fixed.I dont know how you expect for people to continue using something that doesn't work. Another downfall from the latest update, is that it takes FOREVER for images/pictures to load, as well as refreshing the page.
New update show meny problems
Good
I lyk fb messenger
Since the up date I can't click onto pictures
Awesome
Nice
Does not work now on my Samsung tablet!! You cant even open the app, it closes immediately after it opens.
Booo!
Best
Good
Must have
Can't play videos and when I click on a link, it takes me to a blank screen!
Crashes all the time.  Kicks me out when I click on a link.
I can't open my friend's timeline when I press his/her name... But I can open it via profile picture...
So slooooow! Takes forever to update, doesn't show new notifications, slows down my usually speedy phone to a standstill. A terrible update!! Galaxy S
Thanks for the latest and excellent version of facebook .
This app has been taking longer than usual to open. And when it opens it crashes after 10-15 seconds on my tablet only. Fix it please.
I don't know why the browser doesn't always open . It opens when he want's.
Lo
Its too difficult to download it!
Gyy
Nice ...I love
Lemot
Cant even download it
Clear cache under Application; I was able to stop the "closing of the program", post status, search friends and write on their timeline.
Like it
Freezes and crashes within a minute every time I try to use it since the recent update.  Waste of time at this point!!!
Best
Its amazing
Always update..always update.. Can move into the sd memory...
App does not work all the time very slow. Doesn't give me any notifications and doesn't always load friends timelines
App dosent loads or even displays any  images!!
Keeps crashing within seconds of loading it, absolutely useless!!!
Go
Oooooooooop
Awsm
It works perfectly
Every time click on a link or a picture doesn't load
Slow or no screen at all after many attempts can't keep up with my contracts
Good
Not bad
Now none of the pics or videos load on my news feed, just hang unless I turn wifi off.  Kind of pointless.  Fix it, guys!
Its LAGGING!!!!!
Worse app ever. Moved to sd means not on devices storage. It wont open because theres no storage(64gbSDcard?) Havnt signed in but its taking 96mb. FYS
Sometimes no signal or slow..
078383636
App doesnt even start :(
it doesnot show stop notification in any post..and...do not show marks as read option in notification area..... And .. Do not show most  recent  feeds in timeline
seriously guys ur new update sucks!! It dsnt even open and keep on forceclose.
Fix it...it crashes as soon as i open it
Nice
Good
It's definitely just like on pc but I wish you could play your games on pc Facebook in tablet Facebook.
Good
when updated, loading and browsing go slow and this app. Always crash...please fix.
It's great,
I love all unmarried girls
The app stops immediately when it is opened
aai to jnr
Pretty slow even on wifi
Beast
D
I love it .. It's fast.. :))
Super
Look Facebook Im tired of this not working Im not getting my notifcations and I was  Getting everything now Nothing please fix if you want 5 stars because it sucks right now worse them ever
Orang
Very class app
FB has gotten way too nosy & greedy.
When I click on a friends name in the news feed, it just sits there. Will not go to their profile. Shuts down every free minutes. And of corse they want to force you to download a highly intrusive messenger app to check messages. I see Facebook future going the same way as MySpace if they don't pick it up. Not that our reviews ever get read by anyone at Facebook anyway. Galaxy S4
Can't connect with candy crush
kirana
Its not open in my mobile  when i will try to open it automatically mobile is hang
mmhasan
Slow update
Every time I try to share a post , I get kicked off. Fix it :-(
Beautiful

Liked  it
good.best.exellent.
Great application..
I love my facebook
Betterrr than the older one !
Best
It freezes a lot and it kicks me off, and videos don't always play. Thinking of getting rid of Facebook! Please fix!!!
Great job with the latest update (sarcasm)! Can't use the app any longer.  Too frustrated getting kicked off my own page for tryi g to look!!  If it actually lasts 5 sec. I would be surprised.
Good
ZZFDFZHYZUUUJZGFSHJSKKSOSO
Unable to turn off notifications as stated in new update, would be a great feature if it actually worked. Also needs a better way to upload photos in comments.... long press to preview never works.
Update terbaru malah lemot.
Firends oll
Nice
Crashes and there is a delay when opening....Poor
Hahacoool
Ex app
JH
Everytime I download this app it never loads for me. Ever!
Takes very long to load and also when i watch a video, it sticks then i see the video on my homescreen n i can't get it off
facebook is the mirror of e social workers
Drains the battery

Like
It will never be good again.
It join us with our friends
Doesn't let me view profile when I click on their name .Please fix
Good to have it
Siva
Mafasauwais
Still force close oftenly. Do you guys even try? Btw, your camera roll is not user friendly at all. I can't search picture by folders. Hate it. Also, i can't remove tags with the new update? It keeps getting worse and worse by each updates.
But it is so lag please fix it
nyc
Awesome
When I click on someones name in newsfeed it doesnt go to their page. This update ruined facebook.
This app is SUCK !!! Wont install on my phone even i Finish downloading...sh*t
Its the worse!!!! Crashes all the time!!! Fix it. This sucks
Awesome
Last update stops the app closing using to much battery life and space grrrrrr
What the heck is going on...
Reach, connect and locate your missed relatives,friends, classmates, schoolmates etc thru number one worldwide internet website which is free for all humanism.
When old profile picture is selected again as DP, it is getting saved as a new picture ignoring all the likes and comments it got before.
Going
Facebook
Every time  they do an update  something  else goes wrong!!!? Can't click  to see who all is tagged in a post,kicks you  off within  seconds!!!!! Think it's about time  for everyone to ban together  and get rid of this so maybe they'll fix it!!!!!!!!! Uninstalled to see if it would fix the problem now can't even get into my fb page!!! WTF. ........
Cool app
well meintained
I can't install this app. 'Duplicate Provider Authority' Error, how to fix this ?
Excellent feature's is here'really thanks to facebook team
Well
Pls don't update guys this update has bugs. It oftenly crashes pls fix this as soon as possible facebook team
It ok.
Hhu
Should download it cause its great for social networking, stuffs. Complaints? I think there's something wrong with their cp's tablets or gadgets. :-)
Its good
Hate it. It does not work.
Nice Work
Mac

New update is sh*t.. crashs after 3sec of opening. Sort it out
Fuckin A love it!
Doesn't load all pictures.
Good
I enjoy it
Like it
Rajbanshi
Kinda boring
Chatvada
I have a page but every time somebody messages my page you can't see the message,it was actually a very important message and I had to get my laptop out to see it.This app is terrible!
Sorry, not loading an app for messaging, don't like permissions to everything, uninstalled...
Since last couple of updates the app is noticeable slower and stickier than before.
Iluv it
Keeps crashing. Facebook app you have one job...
Once I go to the newsfeed I scroll to the half of the page it says that I should force close it please fix this
Awesome New Look
I can't open fb
This motherf**king app is totally f**ked up, and now it's f**king my phone too... Every update makes it more slow, less reliable and now it's crashing right after every minute
Can't please the world you know.
So call i hav had this sins i was 12 and i love facebook becuse its aswome
After update the web browser make it amazing and the page surfing become very good!
Facebook
It not working
bwd
No good at the mo. Can't stay on more than 5 seconds. I've tried reinstalling the app to no avail. Please fix this!!!!!
good
Superb
Thanks
Best way to communicaye fast with your friend
Its gud application but it fail 2 instal in ma 4n
Keeps asking me to log in everyday.! Why ask to remember device in the security settings when you are asked to log in  everyday regardless .  And keeps asking me about data rates when im already on unlimited data
I can't remove or cancel the messenger that appears everytime in my messages. I can't even send a message now.please fix.thanks.
Same in the site on INTERNET
Seems to be working ok now but therll be more updates to come so I'm not holding my breath
ok

Y downloading very late
The app crashes when i open it. After the recent update it has always been like that. Fix it.
Weldon
Doesn't work
My life
Crashes all the time, unusable

God is good all the time
Usefull
Disgusting... What happened to the latest version?????!!!!!
Good
Its super thank u .. im always updated
stop updatingggggg ! it more worsee !
The previous update was causing my Galaxy Tab 3 to crash after scrolling down through anumber of posts. This last one tries to start up but crashes instantly. Flakes!
Nice app...
Mohammad Naveed  jutt
Yeppper
You are required to download messenger to read and use messages. I would give this a 5* if this service worked. STILL NOT WORKING WITHOUT MESSENGER FOR INBOXES.
Can't choose between most current and most popular for my news feed keeps coming up with the same stories. Says new but its from days ago
Very nice but it's very heavy so wastes  so much data as well as time
Nice
Love it !
Cool
Aa99887766
Why I can't install it again . :( So very much loading yesterday so I've decided to uninstall it :(
Droid LG2 phone.  Can't post status updates, keyboard hides all comments, can't share links, cant share videos, can't share pics, sometimes opening up turns phone off, its not hardware because wife has same phone with exact symptoms.  Just access FB through browser. Its easier takes less time. Jesus f#ck FB all that money and you cant develop an app that works?! Burn in hell!
Scemi
I dint like this app it is not for kids and always replay's incorrect password I hate this app and it is not like whats app what's app is very goooood
It is very ....................................................bad
Avarage
Nice
Yo
Nice
Im using galaxy tab 3, everything's fine before i get this update. I hardly update status, uploading photo, receive messages in the messanger and also news feed update. Please fix the bugs.thankyou
Gooo
Facebook
Keeps shutting
Good to use
I can't stay on it long enough to look at anything keeps going back to my phone screen get fed up with it
Stop updating this app. It works fine but you're always changing it and it never gets better. Just more annoying.
Great
Love it !!!!!!
My fb doesn't work after I download it
Why is it everytime I'm using emoji keyboard doesn't work to my timeline? .. I can't see them.  Hope you help me with this..
Goood softwere
its very good app because we can use this app comfortably and interestingly
The app won't stay open. I install, uninstall, and nothing changes. Too bad! I miss my Facebook!
Usually works but keeps crashing can't access it
This app often doesn't play well with the house wifi. Everything else works fine with the wifi but not Facebook. It works well with mobile internet though. It's been ages and nothing has been done about it so the stars keep falling
Gets worse with every update.
Good
Folosesc mai multe gadget-uri printre care si o samsung galaxy tab3 pe care nu functioneaza. L-am reinstalat de N ori! Aceeasi problema: se inchide dupa cateva secunde dupa deschidere. Nu inteleg care sa fie problema.
Well
Nice up date
Liked it
Your update sucks ..
keeps kicking me off when scrolling through my feed you get to a certain point it's freezes then kicks u out
Just Amazing..
Going gone
Clean and simple.
T
Good
Sadiya
Samsung galaxy owners beware, app will not load when you click on users names.
Why this app start crushing??? I use it and app worked fine but now its crushing why????
Facebook's
Its so easy to use..great!
Awesome lets you connect and share with family and friends.
There is a bug in the new update . whenever i open the app,it automatically closes itself.please fix
Notification? Doesn't even loads properly it such a suckin app _|_
All face book account holder need this one for friendly browsing
Its Great :)
ppl shall share
Does nothing but crash after a few seconds on a tab3 10inch
I can not update my "other names" on the Android App.
I down load the app many many times I still cant see any feed feom my friends. Seems like my data has been lost. I have no clue been like this for a month now.
Hi Mark. I know you have a multi-billion company. But please I am begging you to make the size smaller. About 10-15MB. If you can, I would be so happy. And by the way. Many people are complaining about this application. Can you make a little adjustment about this application to make more people comfortable on this application. I know your working hard to make this application. Review all comments\feedback to know what is wrong and make your adjustments. But your main goal is to comfort & make us happy - T.S
After update news feed does not get refreshed...I log in using browser now.
Coz messenger n fb apps r mix thats y i like dis
Nice
A brilliant app
Facebook,  sort out your app. Non of the pics are loading. It's been like that for few days and it's getting worse :(
Mon thaw
Remove post +Remove post and ban user in groups
It has some problem for video player, no response, and then the facebook can't work....
Not respond
Good
Oral
Every min the app is shutting down ever since last update. Annoying!
Bullshit I can't remove tags
Very useful
Definitely father son
Why did you take notifications out of the Most Recent feed? Come to think of it, why isn't Most Recent the default feed? Oh I know why, because this isn't supposed to be about what the users want. Just fix this crap and make the app usable again. No stars given
Thanks
It's Facebook.....
Love it
Thank god you will have some competition in 2015 with sopebox voice they might let me on the new app
Osam
Love it
All problem clearly
It won't stay open and keeps saying there's a problem???? What's happened???? Used to be a good app...
Great
Is good for all peopl i love it
Contents is to heavy.. Pls Reduce the size of contents.
hah
Miss
Super
Keeps getting more annoying and stupid with each update. Now it won't even stay open for more than a few seconds. Also hate that you have to download a separate app just to see messages. So dumb.
Nice
Gud app
facebook
Speeds up then slows down. Never now what it's going to do next
Nice
Only for old version.
It's shuts down
Since updated the app i wont let me stay on face book longer than 10 seconds its annoying sort the issue out then i mite rate different but it sux at the moment
G
veryy nice
Nice
Downloaded latest update only to find it crashes every 10 to 15 seconds, uninstalled and reinstalled and no difference, really poor update , redo and it might manage a 2 star otherwise 1 star and back to desktop version

My   child
I just love this app it is the best app ever....
I hate the app !!! Everytime i launch it , it crashes always , i need to reboot my phone to launch the app properly .. Kindly fix this thing .
The app keeps logging off and shutting down all by itself!
I have an iPhone and it won't even download! Fix this please
Updates are suppose to add features, not take them away.
I can't save images on this app.
Gloria C.Gabot
Alwys hangs my phone..... Better look after its performance...
Facebook keeps crashing after a few seconds when I scroll down my newsfeed.
I use to use FB daily but I no longer receive ANY notification of friends status updates or shares! This has been going on as of the last 3 or 4 updates & still no fix. Hasn't anyone else been having this problem?!... FB is ruined.
:-)
Best app ever
Eee
Facebook
Nyc
I don't like this version
I hate the new interface. It plays videos as soon as I scroll over them which causes more loss of data. Can't tap on video screen without pausing it. I dont want to pause the vid, I want to see how long it goes for while im watching it. Pages are slower (doubt its my galaxy note 3). I've hated facebook for quite a while, but it seems to be the only way to keep in touch with people and thats really sad.
OK
gud app
It is really fast and on tips rather to use through pc
Nice app
Would be alot better if you could save videos into the saved file.. and also would be helpful if there was a section on the friend request bit that told you what friends rejected your friend request. That way you'll know who doesn't want to be friends and your not going to pester them with friend requests..
But it would be more better if u had updraded it....but stil itz gud.....
Love it
I vil try
Had to uninstall and reinstall app because it wasnt logging off and was also kicking me off....still not working after a reinstall!!! Now i cant get on at all.
Ok ...

I realy loved it
Supperb app
Awesome app
It's beautiful.
Facrbook
Pappu
Crap shuts 5 seconds after starting
It works
:)
Will be using the browser for a while. Whenever I comment or click something, it will suddenly close. Very irritating! Surely there's something wrong with the new update so, will be waiting until it will be fixed again.
I love it fb oh
Good
It takes too much space
rohit sharma
New update and new problems, won't even load this morning
The photos do not load plz do something.
I have the samsung galaxy 3. This app sucks. Well at least the new update does. Even prior to that I rarely got notifications. Now you cannot even delete comments, stuff never updates or loads right on posts and comments. And always whenever I post a youtube video, it only shows up as a link. Sucks even more now that you cannot message straight from the app itself.
Bring back the most recent news. Stop wasting everyone's time with your stupid top story algorithm. Even worst latest update broke the notifications tab.
This is not download on samsung galaxy q t589
Every time I open the app, it crashes... Update sucks
.
Loading is slow. But keeps me connected to long lost friends.$$
Facebook. Lovely. Partner
Very slow .after 5 to 15 minutes not responding
Put in code you give me still is someone just messing about
Sooper
Stealthily trying to absorb all services into itself. Messenger then web browser. Sneaky.
Error loading! Error loading! Error loading! Error loading! Pile of shite!
Hopeless
Couse is the most popular in the world
Loading is slow and often lags, opens up notifications when clicked on news feed and vice versa
Like this
best ever
Good
No comparisim to any news channel simply the best
i have been using this app for so long n didnt even update it.
Love it
Fbi
nice
Can't open fotos sometimes!!
Its fantastic love it, I like it its the best.
Absolutely terrible. This app won't respond most of the time and was never even that good. Why does it keep hundreds of megabytes of data, no other app keeps this much. It must be monitoring everyone for the NSA. Just awful and as nearly all responses say the same what are they doing about it?
Since last updated all it does is crash every 5 seconds
Nice
Keep in touch
The app. won't let me upload any photos. It keeps getting an error
Why does my news feed suddenly skip straight to the newest posts in the middle of me scrolling? At least let me press the see new posts button if I actually want to...
Pls pls support in my adroid2.0
Panchkoti
...
Good apps
Lovest app.
I  like it
Love
Loved it
Raza Basit Raza
A fun and nice way to connect to the world on so many different levels, including socially. Like most forms of media it should be done responsibly with respect for others. Stricter guidelines should be maintained by governments/institutions in regards to children.  There is room for improvement.
Good
Veneslaria ndungu
Gppal
Cool application
Get better. When I click on a name it will not go to their page.
Cant stay on screen for even a second. .the screen just shuts off.!
One of the best apps
Why does it keeps on lagging??? and it why does it get most of the memory on my phone??? And when it starts up it is very slow...Pls. Fix this Pls. Pls. Pls. So that I could give my solid 5 star... THANKS :)
Totally fine I can do everything and it won't crash so thats gd
this app is very good
???????
This app funks out during off hours. Pics don't load; news feeds suck; I hate your algorithm
Really facebook, really? I could chat from the app for 2 days, then you again start the same crap? So typical! 1 star is what you deserve!!
Rough
Eat just eat it blondie
Good app!!
Abz
keep on crashing
Me
Cool
What's wrong with the app, every new update comes with lot of bugs and disappointments!
So i tried to click on my friend's name but it doesn't lead me to his profile.
Updated app, now when i open it, it closes 10 seconds later....... surely this shouldnt happen, totally useless
Why is it I can't view all my photos and friends photos since updating fb on my tablet. please fix as this annoying
Since updating now facebook won't stay open - can't scroll - it's the pits!!! Maybe you should hire someone who knows what they're doing!!!! Does anyone from Facebook actually read these reviews - because from what I can see there are a lot of unhappy people - I have uninstalled Facebook as I can't use it anyway!!!
Woh
I love Facebook .
Loved it very much
Most wonderful app :-)
Super
Can't upload photos!
Hi
Loads slower plzzz fix
Good
Why do you need all those permissions? Invasion of privacy.
Good and excellent
wow
  excellent
..
NOBODY'S (including mine) pictures will load. I have AMAZING wifi at my house and everything else works except facebook.
When will the Facebook app support smart scroll feature in Samsung galaxy devices
Crash all time... Very bad...meds better update!
When is this going to be fixed keeps closing down not long after I open it.  Only happens on my samsung galaxy tab 3.  Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling no luck!!!!! Please sort it out!!!!
The last few updates made it very unstable that I can't even check my notifications. Just when I'm about to select one the app crashes. Really annoying to be honest.
Why have you removed the thread options? I used to comment on a status then if the other comments got too much I could click the drop down to turn of notifications for that status thread. It Gave 2 other options I believe but turn of notifications was brilliant. Now I have a crazy amount of notifications and can't get them turned off its insane. You also used to be able to switch to historic view. Where's that gone? Now I end up commenting on statutes that are years old because they appear at the top. Grrr
Doesn't open name links whenever you click on it. This used to be OK but the last update screwed it.
I am not yet ripe to comment on this.
B
love it
When I click this app, it ALWAYS kicks me back to my  home screen. Can you fix it? Please fix this for better rating. Thanks
After I approve the videos that my friends tag me to my timeline, it doesn't appear on my timeline, it appear on news feed but not in my timeline, why is it missing??
When opening fb it always tell me to delete some item becoz this app seems to take a lot of space on my phone, I can't do anything on fb.Pliz can you fix this problem

Nothing bad,just sometimes it will open automatically and used a lot of ram.
Happy browsing sleed
I love it for tomorrow this app
,12345678
Easy to interact...#$
I like it
Like it
Keeps kicking me out please fix
Why the hell hidden posts don't stay hidden in news feed? Stupid app, crappy
I do love it but its so log, you know people hate waiting -_- Even.the connection is full but the application is so annoying.
Ok
I set the refresh rate to never, and it refreshes more often now than ever.  It will even rip me out of a comment section to bring me to the top of my feed in the middle of typing.  You may as well not have any customizable settings because they never adhere to the user preferences.
Would be great.
Hj
Yousuf ansari
PTL
It's not fast
The recent update i have installed is useless  i cant stay on it for more than 30secs and i get kicked off  plz fix this
Slowww
GOOD
Asks for so many permissions!! Just uninstalled this...
:( :(
U r so slo
It's ok
Better than ever
Dilawar
It's not downloading please fix it
It is slow ..
Softly use
having fun
Frank
Facebook
Style
Everytime I click on a video or picture or name FB goes off! I have spoken to a lot of people and they are complaining about the same thing!
Very interesting app
The facebook is work install  Regards Facebook install and the Facebook install  Regards Facebook
If i log off its always session expired!!!
Nice app bt sometimes dosnt preperlly work....
Jolly social website
Its very gud but it take some time to load the comments
good
Any galing
Hated it
Uike
Doesn't even stay open for longer than 5 seconds
Remarks
You can't see someone's profile when u click on their name and that's just unacceptable from one of the biggest apps. if I could I would give it a -∵∵
Since last update, fb crashes all the time. Have installed & uninstalled many times. Please help 
Cant open d app at all
Superb app in world
Bad update cycle, re-shuffling my already read news
Not bad
This is the amazing communicating social media
Ok..
Nice wrd
The most recent must be on the front page not posts from a week ago
like it
Oh no... App used to be okay but it just went downhill after the updates...Some pics/pages takes forever to upload and now i have a problem clicking on peoples names to go to their profiles. Ughhh. Please fix this.
Love it
Sebastian
The app won't quit  on its own. I always have to force stop it. I uninstalled it because of it. I won't abide apps that run constantly unless there is a compelling reason for them to do so.
Nice
Its completely stupid!!
Good
I have a 40mbps connection. App Photos take lot of time to load sometimes not loading at all... Hating it! Even after killing the app. Irrritating!
As soon as i try to look at a picture i click on it and goes straight  back to homepage
Like
Cant even download it
I loved this app and it's funtions
Nice app
Is a good social networking site
IVE STOPED AUTO UP DATEING,IT WAS HOGING MY SPACE, HOW DO THEY KEEP UPDATEING ANYWAY???
Koparderajesh
Its make me
The app at least stays open for me, but now how do I unfollow a post I have commented on? Why are things that are not broken continually changed?
Great Apps!
You would think such a big organization with such a huge user base would be able to come up with an atleast half decent app!!
Video
nice aap
A good medium to connect to your loved ones.
happy
Mohi
Mast
The lag is ridiculos. Seriously even on wifi everything loads 2001 dial up speed. Can no longer unfollow post? Search bar not working right shows deleted profiles. Very annoying. Will be using the Web browser til yall get it together Still wish I could change home screen colors tired of blue. Great app before this last update.
And new version of fb is not at all good think you can solve the problem
I cnt upld pic aftr updating it....   * ths for u
Loveit
It is always saying stopped working when it opens and it so slow
I need help...i cant download this facebook..what should i do?
When I normally go on notification I get kicked out
My father d downloaded
When someone replies to my comment it won't take me to the comment. I have to scroll. 
I love it
It's awesome
02.11.2014 - "Turn Notifications on and off" ^ arrow is missing?
Bring back integrated messages. And now you've fucked the app totally.  It just shuts down after 5 to 10 seconds.
cannot view "most recent" on timeline AND doesn't give me the option to toggle with my news feed. TAMPIN!!!!
Vais

Fb
Its logging #slow
Ma mind mess up cause this app slow
Ok
No competition! Facebook reigns supreme! Note 4!
Keeps force closing every time i open it. Cleared cache and app data still force closes
Ol la
all my frnds see in the fb i loved it very much
:-)
Good
I LIKED IT
Really useful
I don't want to view webpages in Facebook I want to open them in Chrome. I won't be forced to use your messenger app. And your access to my mobile is increasingly overly intrusive. Time to uninstall.
I can't click on any of my friends name
Facebook
It all just sucks. Stop.
Eh
None of my pictures on my feed load since my app updated. Very frustrating
Need more features
Estar
Facebook app . Not downloading in my phone.what problem. My phone is grand 2
Love it
If the goal is to get me to use the app less often, it's a success. Can't do anything because it's so slow. Not connectivity or hardware, everything else I have works fine.
So great
After update to new version app can't open ... please fix my problem
facebook
Pictures not loading at all
When i click on persons name nothing happens. Pls fix soon
Sweet
Best app. I like it
Pics on feed won't load. I have to go into app and force stop it so I can close it down properly, yet pics still aren't showing all the time....PLEASE FIX!!
facebook
is fb
face book
I like it because if you want to see some crazy and funny stuff is here
Good
Every time i try to go on it starts to open and crashes before anything on the page can load if this is fixed I will add the last 2 stars
Very usefully
This app is pretty good I like the way u can do almost anything on it download :)
Best social networking site
Good update
Every time i pen the app on my galaxy tablet,  it closes after a few seconds. It works on my s5 phone. So strange.
So like it this the
I sent a help email to Facebook when it started crashing after the last update.  Heard NOTHING. Used help contact from Samsung in case it is my tablet.  They checked it out and said the problem is Facebook, not the tablet. Sent ANOTHER email requesting help from Facebook.  NOTHING.  Thanks for nothing.
Jamir  bahya
Hating it! Takes forever to load then crashes! Not any fun anymore!
Keep. It real
It's great lol
dont worry facebook, the people that have probs in this app is not your fault. Its there fault because its not compatible on their phone. Why mine? Clearly dont have probs
Trying to access from my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, yet it continually force closes and will not let me in. The few times ive gotten in, soon as i click on comments or notifications, it will force close. When app works properly, i will increase my rating!
Every time I open facebook, it crashes within 5 seconds and goes back to the "open app" page.  What's up with that? I thought it was my Samsung tablet, but apparently not.  PLEASE FIX THIS!!!
it eats a lot of memory on ram! makes my phone slower!! pls fix!!
Whats going on.. everytime i click on fb app it shuts straight back down.. please fix this for a fb addict
I enjoyed it
It would be great if you made it where we can choose if other people can share our personal pictures or not.. It should have been a setting a long time ago. Please fix this!
It's lovely apps...
Great app! Very little issues.
Should be flawless from a huge company like Fb but disappointing
20071904
Thankz Fb
Not satisfied
When you click on a link, it doesn't go there. Please fix. Thanks.
@%
Nice app....!
U Facebook video call
It doesn't work. It only will scroll so far down my news feed and then shuts down on me. I am bj it happy about this update. Please fix before I delete app all together. Never have had a problem.
Whats new on fb...catch me up later
Love it
My family and friends far and near
Facebook not loading up...
It's realy awesome, cos u manage to meet an old frndz all over the planet.
Qureshi
I miss you facebook lol
With every update this app gets worse and worse. Slower and more unreliable. It is ridiculous. How about some testing or at least a comment saying we know we messed it up and are working on it. Step it up guys!
Love song
Facebook
Since I recently updated the app, it become really slow when refreshing and sometimes when I post comments and such, they don't post at all and I don't even get an error message. I'm going back to using my browser.
Devraju kumari
Apps shut down itself
very good
Its a bug. Does not update with WiFi. It works fine with 4g...
Since the update I can't turn off notifications anymore. That is stupid! I don't want 100's of notifications just because I comment on something. Please fix this
Nice app
Nice application
I like it
Gets done wht i need. No complaints
Where is the little menu bar when I go to any page or news feed or anything for that matter????????  Garbage, no, worse than garbage, its raw sewage!!!!!!!
Newest version of the FB app, will not let me upload photos.  I click on photos or the camera icon, the app closes, then reopens to the home screen. Verizon Samsung galaxy stellar here.
Excilent
It keeps me connected with all my friends and family
Won't even open.
Same
My S2 frequently restarts after the last update while checking pictures. Please fix this
Bad app
Keeps crashing. And when you click on names its slower than ever..
Best app
Luke others, I can't tap on a name. Very annoying,  and I don't like not being able to use the most recent news feed like it was.
good
it  is a superb app i like this very much
No one wants another app for messenger!!  Bring messenger back into this app!!
Attention it camen after conversation Facebook it's place together all peoples single or wife you see all guys and all girls also  I like Facebook because everytime I speaking free call and write massage because I have many friends and many family
Just reloaded app for the 3rd time & now I can't even get it to run. Been dealing with it crashing for over 2 months on my Galaxy Tab 3. Extremely sick of this! Fix the issues facebook bevore you lose everybody!
Facebook app cannot function well as main website. In main website , u can read all msgs from others when people PM u. those msg were transferred to other folder.facebook app dont have "other folder"where u can read all msgs sent by other who are not your friends. I received biz opportunties in facebook website but never received in facebook app
IT'S      GREAT
Latest update will not load pics.  Someone screwed up the code.  Please fix it.
Kicks me off my Samsung tab 3 also when I click on names it doesn't go to they're  time line also very slow and news and picture  feeds take way to long to load very unique happy please  fix bugs or I'm deleting  Facebook
Forcing Top Posts over Most Recent is ridiculous. And then sometimes when pressing Most Recent, nothing happens. The menu stares back waiting for user input. The most recent update forces Top Posts even more now by removing the notification bar from Most Recent. Force the customer to use what the company wants, not what the customer wants. I thought only Apple did that.
Nice
Facebook shows up for 3 minutes and vanishes!! Horrible!!
This app is cool it downloaded fast on my bull phone I like it I use it . Thanks
I can't view photos on timeline and on friends profile. It won't load like forever. Fix this!
Very very good
This app  Superb
Nicely app
It keep crashing!!!
The recent update has slowed the app down. It freezes and force closes after the first 5 seconds.
Good
Works great
The app in itself is fine.. but I'm tired of new features being added to the app. It complicates everything. I don't need a pop up of who to send it to, or to act as my internet browser. I'm seriously considering getting rid of the Facebook app because it keeps changing. Perhaps before adding things you should ask what we want first instead of assuming that we want all these random features.
Ok
This app works beautifully on the Kyocera Hydro Life!
Honestly i dont understand why Facebook wants in on every aspect of your life. Instagram, Google plus, twitter. None of these social media apps require unrestricted access to every nook and cranny of your life.
Goo
Got hacked and fb wont help get my acct back
So far keeps freezing up.it is froze up just trying to download an upgrade .????
Jay
I can't access, Why it's always indicating to "force close"?
I download this app but it not working....why...???
What the heck facebook this is so bad I was so mad I stomped on  my device (sarcasm) but seriously qq
Won't load
So slow can't view pictures nor videos posted by other users. Could you please let us know when shall you solve this problem !? Thanks
Would love for the app to show most recent feeds when the app opens. I know there's a tab on the right, but when the app opens, I want to see what's going on now not what happened yesterday
Ilikeit
My pleasure
I WILL UNINSTALL THIS APP
Overall the App is good. It can be a bit clunky at times and I am annoyed that we all got forced to install Messenger instead of being able to Message from this App. However, I do understand the idea behind it and Messenger has turned out to be pretty slick. This is a really good way to keep tabs on FaceBook overall and link to content on you mobile device for posting. I'm sure it will only get better.
Cool
Love this app
When I open it says that I need to free up more space and I have 374 mb free  plz fix
Don't know what happened today but was working fine then nothing. Tried uninstall then reinstall didn't help. Tried logging in on my laptop and it works.
Keeps kicking me out and can't check mail or anything please fix. I have the galaxy s4. Seriously it's been 2 days with this crappie and needs to fixed or I will be uninstalled. It's beens days now so please fix! What the he'll is going on?
The app hasn't worked for weeks on Galaxy Tab 3, yet works fine on Galaxy S4.
Asawa
Excellemt
Itz slower....
Facebook won't open after the update. Please fix it ASAP!
Bored
New verson
Good
Most pictures won't load in news feed or on profiles since the last 2 updates. Please fix!!!
Galaxy tab 3 crashes 5 seconds after start
I apsolutely have no problems!  It's a great to keep up with friends and family !
Very good Application
It is slow when going to friends pages. Uploading etc ... need to fix these issues. Phone freezes a lot from the app.... :/
The part of my life .
Bedajengam
Pictures and videos do not show, fix for a better rating!
I have it one my galaxy 3 tablet and it crashes ever 5 seconds now hate it
Videos are not being uploading since two days, showing error that content is abusive before uploading is done kindly fix it fast
Kindness
Semen
Good experience!!!
Facebook is slow and it doesn't lit me in!!!:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O
Not too shabby
App continues to stop responding
What is going on with this app? I cannot click on names of people or pages and go anywhere. Please fix this!
Can chat
Fuckin stupid
Had to Uninstalled to reinstall. Can't  click on pics or friends without searching for them. Very disappointed!!!!. Fix this.
<3
Great app
login and logout takes forever. pls. fix so i'll reinstall. for now i use the browser for fb, it's faster
Nawa penda wote
The latest updated has screwed me over, fix it please.
Its a great app to have to see your friends And all I just need facebook to allow emoji from Android users and just not iPhone usera
Everytime I open this app in my galaxy tab 3,it will freeze and shutdown instantly.pls fix it :(
Time line update got slower made me worried something wrong with my phone
Newsfeed does not update accurately
Have to keep logging out to get news feed to update on my LG G Tablet
Crash
Ever since the new update the app closes about 5 seconds after opening it.
Why can I click on people's name on my time line to get to there profiles?
Love it

Its sucks!!!!.. can't see the notification pop up on the icon..i need it show in the icon. At least i can know.. but it didnt show.. is the setting problem or the app problem..?
Nice
Is a gewwd app
Very Very slow and irritating
Please fix the problem create an updated version or revert to previous version it's too big of a file to uninstall it then install it again sick of it crashing  Its my lifeline to my family
App is not loading properly
Rarely had issues with the app on my tablet. Since the upgrade I can't see any of the pics that are posted. Please fix it!!!
Wont let me play any videos.
Get you some
Photos do not load into HD. When I open one it's kinda blurred. Please fix this :)
Last update made some strange things occur. Load issues, random app closings & odd reshuffling of posts.
Love it
I love it
HATE this new update, let me only view most recent stories! I don't care about your arbitrarily ranked top stories
Nice app
Hate having to click open whenever i want to use it
FIX THIS!  interrupted when I'm scrolling after a while. Why must it refresh to the latest news/status when I'm reading some good old/status. Don't just refresh it automotically. It's iriitating.  FIX THIS PLEASE
Facebook my friend
IT'S not even working
I didn't know updating the app meant slowing load speeds, not loading at all, crashing, and just making the app completely useless. Now You Know! 
when i try to open my notification .. it close the app
Improve more .
Some people have bad photos
When I want to upload a pic in a post it doesn't even give me the option and when I post one in a post of my own I can only upload ONE :(
Love this app
Keeps closing down
New update prevents any photos from appearing.
Have android 3 facebook worked fine till last update.   Now it keeps locking up and wont log out.   Uninstall and reinstall 4 times in two weeks :-(
Can't view pictures on galaxy s5. Please fix
None of the videos would play!!! and Please let users decide what they want to see. Forcing "Top Stories" on their faces by default is a cheap trick. This I think is again adding to the thriftiness that Facebook has started showing in the recent past and has taken user experience to another low.
Since messenger app, which takes up way too much space for my phone, Facebook app has ran slow, randomly crashed, and freezes constantly. Please, Fix! I'll give 5 *'s
Hassle...do i really have to take a long time to download it on my phone...
Good
When clicking on a users name, the app does not direct you to their profile. Please fix ASAP! - S4 User
This is an awesome site
A heart to heart talk within you
Good app
That ram usage is unreal.
The video quality sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fix it!!!!!!!!
It goes off when i scroll down
New version sucks..I can't get on then it keeps crashing...please fix it
Not working keeps shutting down. ..please fix.
.......worst update ever. More bugs than before. Unable to click on a name or page to view it. Slower than before.
Cool
This version is very bad its  Sucks
Y do we have to download messenger I don't wanna download messenger to see my messages... fix it pls..
After the last update,  FB kept crashing and still continues not to run on my Galaxy Tab. FB doesn't seem to care as I've sent many feedback reports with system info, but no response. Poor / no support.
FB runs slower with the new update.
The app exits when i try to post a photo.
Currently theres a bug it just shuts off !
Loaded that stupid messenger and it screwed up Facebook. Tried to reinstall Facebook and got this 22 error. Now an error -24 wonderful!!!! Still error -24, are they ever going to fix this stupid thing? Tried again. One month later. Still error -24. Just shows that they don't even read these comments. It's a piece of garbage. They say crazy is when you keep doing the same thing and expecting a different result. Call me crazy then. Tried again after removing anything Facebook and it still won't install. This program is a joke!
Opening YouTube within the app is extremely annoying.
Awesome app
To many kids posting bad thing even body parts people getting hurt over and kill over facebook
Paloi
Totally sucks on my galaxy 3 tablet just keeps crashing as soon as I open it. Work fine on my HTC phone so what's up with that
The loading is so slow
Can't watch videos properly, slows down my phone and force closes
Great
Links to profiles and outside sites are not working! It has been running slowly, and has become very glitchy. Several times the app has failed to load properly and does not fill the screen. Also have had times where my desktop loads mobile version. WHAT HAPPENED?! Also, I hate when Facebook refreshes my feed now, as I am scrolling through it!
Is so happy because when your bord you can have something to do
What wrong whi it i need to click on someone  name alot time to open fixit
Nice
Please what is wrong with Facebook I can't send a picture comment it keep crashing and story unexpectedly please can you fix it
The new update has ruined this app for me, I can never update or it stops working. Before making updates I suggest you test it out first
Totally awesome with invasion of privacy
Wont let me watch any videos doesnt load properly so slow please fix bugs or un installing!!
It doesn't deserve 5 star -_-
Its nicevto use....
Best app to express urselfB-)
Too intrusive. What else can you say.  These are last  words. I'll be weaning myself off facebook. Tired of reading about baby's first poop etc
App keeps saying "error loading news feed." The last update ruined this app. Loved it before then. Please fix
When I click on someone's Facebook it will not go. It also doesn't show videos
Have toforce stop regularly. Doing an uninstall/reinstall to seenif that fixes it. Newer changes suck. I would like to see all my old posts.
App keeps crashing on my galaxy tablet. I cannot even use this app. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling and nothing.
Cant even use t0this app after the latest update using Google Chrome at the moment please fix it
Always crashing. Photos not loading. Profile pictures not showing up.
The apps keeps automatically going back to the top of my news feed. The removal of the messaging service is frustrating. When someone tags me in a comment, the notification link does not take me to the comment but the whole thread and when the thread is thousands of comments long, it's a pain in the are. The Most Recent feed often show a few posts from the past hour then only shows posts from two to three days ago.
Not bad
Wont load.
Ever since the last update it won't let me change my cover photo. This app just keeps getting worse and worse!! If it ain't one thing it's another. Just about over it!! 
Random crashing on both phone and tablet. Fix this fb!!!
Tea
News feed sucks and crashes a lot. I don't see recent feed only feed from a day or 2 ago. Did I say slow too?
Constantly crashing since the latest update
It doesn't download because of the network waiting to load and it never does
The new update makes Facebook crash won't even open the news feed, please fix it soon.
Slower than ever before.  I've abandoned the app and just logon via my internet connection!
It gets worse with every update.  Crashes every time when I click on something.  RECENT STORIES by default too please
After the recent update it keeps crashing and closing on my after about 4 seconds of looking at newsfeed!! Really annoying.
It keep on freezing so I deleted it!
After openning app it crashes. When clicking on a name it crashes not good. Wish there was something to give negative stars !!!!!!
Videos won't load
I'm frustrated that I have to manually close it instead of just backing out like before.  And even now annoying is that if I click on a link and go multiple pages in if silly pictures in this link I can't just chose the link and go back to facebook.  I have to hit the back button forever just to get back to facebook.  =/
Ever since the latest update, app is slower, keeps closing and everytime i open the app is asks me to log back in. Not cool guys
Facebook
Kept shutting down!
New update sucks i want to uninstal it
I would really like it if you gave me back the custom setting on my statuses. Might give it 5 stars if you do
I Thank the facebook team 4 creating fb.4 all us people 2share it makes the world a lil brighter.
<3
Can't see time line if u click on a name in the news feee
I can't. Login
Keeps foreclosing
This is way better than having to go on web browser
Hey..bila saya buka fb terus off balik...belum sempat loading awak tutup swndiri..dang it!
Always need Facebook on new device !!
you better have a folder option every time i need to upload photos from my SD card memory.... or even can be sort of... please try more enhancement.. and please dont ever force any user to prefer their chatbox to a messenger apps... finally.. why do i cant search all names who i would want to see their profiles.. thank you.. hoping your positive action and response regarding my concerns..
For some reason,I CAN'T DOWNLOAD IT TO MY PHONE,IT KEEPS TELLING ME THAT THERE'S A PROBLEM.AND EXACTLY WHAT DOES"24"MEAN ANYWAY????????
Even when i update it still won't go faster and it take to long to download
A lot of problems logging in lately
Woow
Its ok....
Much faster processing, please update and fix other bugs for 5.....
The best app ever
My app keeps closing itself every since this update wht is the issue?!?!?
If I get kicked off or "refreshed" without wanting refreshed one more time ur app is being deleted! STOP CHANGING SH*T!  Seriously NOT happy!
Since the new update the app keeps crashing everytime i open it and click my notifications Or most recent post...
'
awsome!!!!!
When I click on a name or page it dose nothing wtf is anyone else having this problem
Latest update sucks
I can not load my timeline, it is always "error loading timeline". Please fix it. My device: SS galaxy S4 i9505. Thanks.
Nothing loads anymore :/ and it's draining my battery like no tomorrow
Raises
Time wasre its bad
Extremely frustrating!!! I can not view my pictures! It keeps booting me out. I wanted to make a collage for Halloween using old pics. How do I go back to the old version?!
Can anyone please tell me how to turn off notifications without having to go find the original in the news feed. I no longer have the option to exit the conversation from a comment. It updated, now I can not turn off notifications from comments. Grrrrr. Also, now, if you click on something from the list under the world globe, you have to back out. The globe disappears. Its like were going old school.
All i can do is open the app it freezes please fix. Anytime i leave news feed it shuts down.. Really  frustrating. The update 9/20 does not work fb shuts down immediately what the hell. 9/22 still crappy please fix or I'm done with this app. I've begged several times done with this app. Uninstalled  negative stars. Reinstalled got new updates still won't open. Latest update didn't help. Still only opens up occasionally.
Notifications I already dismissed on my phone are again shown when my tablet goes online.
Everytime I try to play a video it plays for a few seconds then freezes while sound will play and stops completely no sound no video. Then I get a message telling me unknown error can't play the video then closes the video on me. Happens now for the past few days. And when I want to use the app it takes a very long time to open. Please fix it or I will uninstall
Love it
Opening links in a special facebook mode is even more annoying. Now when I open the app, I have to just hit the back button repeatedly if I had previously clicked on a link. Do they test these things?       Previous: I can't even open links anymore. It just closes the app. Wth, Facebook?
I love it
Iam loving it .
I don't know what you guys did but the appv is slower than ever iv can't click on anything our do anything.  It sucks please fix it
Constant crash after last update

This new update sucks, I'm not able to view photos when I click on them
Awesome
Facebook
Good site
everything i see down my news feeds and all comments are 'just now'
Mostly the pictures cannot display easily, i w8 more than a minute.
Keeps crashing...very frusrated. Updated to the latest version and it still keeps crashing.  Please pay attention to user feedback and fix this.
Way to big. Never runs smoothly always lagging. Takes 10 minutes to log in then another 5 to settle down. When you go log out you cant for 15 minutes. If you want to log in again your constantly sent a message saying last session is dead. Then says your password is incorect 3 times then goes on to log you in. In the super slow time.
Its fine
Excellent app
It wont let my see my messages i havta download facebook messanger
It's ite I guess

Fantastic
Can no longer unfollow post? Search bar not working right shows deleted profiles. Very annoying. Still wish I could change home screen colors tired of blue. Great app before this last update.
darn app crashes all the time before and after the update
Was working perfectly until I updated it now whenever I try to go on anything it exists and a message comes up saying its not working properly and thts BS for realz man
I can't change any of my account settings
Why does it take so much space? Along with this AND messenger its a lot of memory.
facebook
I admit the app is fantastic but the system crash sometimes leaves me disappointed when the app doesn't respond when trying to review updates,I wouldn't mind tips on how I can make the application more effective and say bye bye to no apps responding.
Takes about a minute to open and another minute (if it hasn't already crashed a few times by now) to load content. Takes significant resources on standby  (85mb) to run which just drains battery and makes the phone slow. I will delete it if it isnt fixed soon.
I can view the list of notifications but I cant open the contents. Please fix this bug on OnePlus One
When are you going to fix this app. Starts up, then it crashes.  Fix it.
Keeps freezing and going back to home screen, its so bad I dont go on as much, ridiculous if you ask me grrr
This app can spy on every thing you do. Phone calls TeX  cam  read your browser history and lesson to your phone calls and no all your contacts and use your cam  and mic to watch you. Do not download if you do your dumb.
Why does Facebook continue to put out such a horrible product? The latest update has rendered it useless for my G Pad. Thanks, Zuck.
We have web browsers for a reason why add a clunky half assed version
The last update is worse than ever. I can't comment, share or anything.  It just closes on me. Extremely frustrating!  Ready to be done with it for good.
Is slow man is very very very slowing
Easy to use
NOW I CAN SPAM MY MUM
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
This is not my type of app
I love this app
Facebook
Its a wonderful app
The application has improved for me on my end. But there are some stuff that i like and don't like..  Likes: can put how you are feeling Can post photos to comments Love the new design  Dislikes: Stuff in my news feed from days ago ie. Nothing is recent at times from friends and fan pages Can't reply to comments unless on browser Can't go to other messages without going through the browser once again Out of no where videos are starting to play by themselves even when the option is turned off from the settin
I like the letest update so 5* wow_________
This app has a come a long way since it's inception. Used to be awful, but now it's a good app.
Freezes up and takes forever to load photos and adds photos that don't belong to me.
Tsk It Doesn't Work Faster- _-
Keeps crashing!!
Crash, won't open
Very
It was fine before but recently me and my mum have been facing difficulties with it. Its unresponsive and slow and hardly connects to the internet even though every other app is fine!
Best app yet to know everything
the pictures wont load !!!!! its slower than ever. will change my rating when this gets fixed.
Love it!
Fantastic
When are you going to make it in Material Design???
v20.0.0.25.15's new feature "Camera Roll" doesn't detect all my photos in my Xperia Z1s. so I can't upload some of the pics I want to post. the prior version detected all the pics in my Z1s.
Got the update.  Now it wont open at all.   galaxy tab 2
So good
Bring back notification bar when in most recent (what EVERYONE prefers to see) & while in groups.  So frustrating having to exit out back to nothing to see notifications.  Stop screwing with sh*t that 'aint broke!
It wont let me download it . Ive already tried it 3 times and it says error downloading. It just sucks
Very nice app.
This move is really dumb.
Not sure what happened, but pictures & videos won't load. It also crashes. Please fix this
The app keeps crashing right pain in the A** Fix that problem then you'd get 5 stars ....
So stupid doesn't work
So so
I love it
Lol
Love it
For some reason fb allowed me to open up once...after that it doesn't even get to load before it crashes..smh this is making me not like fb. And I know for a fact that is not my phone cuz I have the note 4...FIX IT!
Geart
This app loads very slow. Every time I use this keeps on crashing.
Please fix, it's very frustrating.
Pictures won't work. Often click on a time line and it doesn't take you anywhere.
Awesome
The new update needs a fix. My phone is failing to load the newsfeed too often. And I have to close it and restart every time I go back on. I thought Facebook solved this problem a few updates ago but here it goes again.
I have an iPhone 4S and a Galaxy Tab 3. We also have an LG Nexus 5 - Facebook is constantly crashing on all 3 devices. I really like Facebook, but it's been of no use to me for over 3 months now. I really don't like having to go sit at a computer to access my account. Is there going to be a fix for this?
After update, i give 1 star
I don't like the fact at all that I'm obligated to download messenger just to be able to see my messages. Why?... I don't want messenger stop trying to force me. Other than that it's completely fine.
I can't even open the app all i get is Facebook is not responding the last 2 updates I've done has been like this i wish i had never updated the old version worked a lot better deleting this app!!!!
Since this update I am not getting the full feed I get 6 or 7 new stories over a 12 hour period. And I now have to go in and kill the app after I've already exited out of it. Fix this.
Nice apps
Facebook
The old version is more good compare with the new update. It is stuck and too slow...fix it
i like older version
Since downloading messenger my fb wont load I send a report up to 5 times a day. Ive now had to uninstall then reinstall the Facebook onto my samsung tablet.  Fb, get your act together, you don't give people a choice, and then it f#$/s everything up! Useless shower of sh@te, don't you test these things before you turn it loose on the masses?????
Sometimes I can stop notifications, sometimes I can't. It's annoying. Makes me not want to comment because I'll keep getting notifications for hours or even days later :(
This app gets worst and worst . Facebook is not the same
Only stays open for about five seconds then it crashes.
Help
Can't use at all. Always crashing.
I can't seem to save photos!
You cannot check your messages because they want to make you get the messenger app.
The latest version is really super with major changes ...
Have fun
Asghar
Every time I click on a picture it opens and closes within a second.
This app uses far too much memory and is constantly flagged by cleaner app. Also fails to load videos very often and not at all if you are not connected to wireless. Even 4g won't work. Bloatware...the latest update had taken a step back in allowing you to mange your feed. I can't see most recent and have notifications. Listen to people Facebook!!!!
can't watch videos galaxy s4 please fix! :( says unknown error every time.
It's meh.
This is asome
Nice
Nobody cares about the Top Stories feed so why do you keep shoving it violently down our throats? And if that's not your intent then what other reason could you possibly have for removing the notifications bar from the Most Recent feed? Even people with brain damage know that that's a stupid idea. Fix this now.
Some posts need dislike because it disgusting. .please add dislike next to like. .
Keyboard keeps on disappearing impossible to comment on things!!!
Yassine
Since this new update I'm not getting any of my notifications of any kind. Even though all my notifications are turned on.  Stop messing with things it was fine before.
Good
I enjoy facebook as a way to interact with people I would never meet or see otherwise. There is someone to chat with usually when no one else is available. Its a fellowship of people gathering to have company.
My only problem with this is...it directs into a browser when I want to open someone's profile. So what's the purpose of this app if it needs to open a browser if you wish to open someone's profile? It should be an all in one app and must be same with the facebook site or more than it. I like the app anyway it's faster than the facebook on my browser. But it forces me to use my browser to enter facebook :)
Facebook
Great
I love it
Please sort ASAP. I am really annoyed with crashing all the time....
The app is getting better. I wish there was a way to use stickers in our status updates tho :)
I hate the Facebook team you guys are ruining a ( at the time ) perfectly good app please fix now!!!
Not the best, but works sufficiently
Baixa otmofalanti
Loading...
Won't click  on  a person's name  at all
Can't click on tagged names
Facebook web site that people can be on it
I miss alot of things on my news feed. I log back in and see the same thing I saw a few hours ago.
Is so cool

Love fb
Since the latest update I don't see any pictures on the news feed. Why is this? :(
Bayan  kadir
Horrible wont open
After the update you can't even click on people's Facebook pages of any other pages. Won't load at all. Should've just left it the way it was.
I keep getting booted out every time i try to scroll, view comments or look up someone's info. Please fix the bugs
Can't close it and last update is too bad ..
It keeps crashing
Crashes every time I try to go to messenger, or my notifications
1.Why create an in-app browser that isn't as good as a regular browser. 2. Make recent news feed default. 3. Stop filtering the mobile news feed. 4. Can't wait for ello. 5. Apologies to the devs just doing their job.
My facebook app did finally begin functioning properly. Since then I've had no problems with fb. If the stellar performance continues, I'll give you the  other 2 stars.
I am so sick of looking thru posts on my newsfeed, being way down the list in the middle of reading something, and all of a sudden it jumps up to the top of the newsfeed. There's virtually no way to find my place. Anyone what have this problem or suggestions to make it stop? I have it set on 'no refresh'
After last update I can no longer click on a person's name in my news feed and go to their Facebook page???? Please fix bugs!
App crashes ever since I updated 11/1.. it was working fine before the update..
Very well
News feed isn't loading over WiFi works fine over 4g but I use WiFi
Iove
It doesn't even works.keep crashing. It says insufficient every time I try to dowload it.
I like it...
Keeps crashing after seconds
It goes slow at the time of updating anything. I think there's not anything faster except liking & commenting...
Take long time to loading...
Good
It won't download. Ahhh!!!!
I cant wait to use this finally
The app keeps shutting down.  Please fix it!!!!
All o these updates are causing timestamp issues and it doesnt load have of my feed anymore. Im sick of this. Im about to delete my account. Ugh. Why keep changig things that AREN'T broken!?!?!?!?!? Bout as annoying as flipping auto correct
Can't watch vids
Bangin'
Shuts down after opening.   FIX!!!!!!
This has crashed 10 times in the past 10 minutes that I have been uaing it.
App sucks...
Keep getting "unfortunately Facebook has stopped" and "Facebook is not responding" messages constantly. This app isn't worth having on your phone.
it takes too much memory it really needs to improve it's ment to have improved
Ganesh seetha
WHAT HAPPENED?!?!
Good
Opening links in the app itself is in no way faster or better than using link bubble.. At least give people an option instead of forcing.
Its good
Very slow & pics don't upload
Latest update has many problems. Great job FB.
I'm enjoying frens u can use also
When I try to play videos posted in fb it closes..I am using micromax canvas magnus a117 android 4.2.1  Pls fix the problem..
One star
Lok
Awesome superb
Wat to say
I can't get on for more than a couple of secs. I open the app and it boots me off on my phone and tablet. Not happy!
It s ok i guess
answome app
Info yang menarik dan berpuashati dengan apa!. komen dari memberi
Can't click on friends names to go to their page. I'm about to Uninstall.
On the Galaxy S4. Though it works, I have to force quit the app after I'm done as it keeps eating up my memory in the background, slows my phone down and eats at my battery. I hope the next update will be better. Your previous update worked fine for this phone.
Walamba
Amazing
I will provide only 1star.
When I click someone's name to go to their timeline it doesn't go.
Will no longer show notifications when you select most recent newsfeed, leaving you to press back to check if you have notifications....
Install is taking way too long.
Go nawaz go
I like this becoz it connect us with the much different type of friends. It is a simple way to connect our friends and relatives.
Other than news feed it doesn't open nothing force closeing every time
After I updated, when I click on a link I have to go back like ten times to get to fb. I hate that. Before it went to my Web browser, then I just exited out when I was done and reopened my fb. It's annoying.
Je*em li vam i Boga i aplikaciju!
It's very amazing app and faster login  and log off                really download it
Niceee app for using fb
Best app ever
Aprillee
Good
If I click on someone's name, their page no longer loads.  Can't see the names who like my post if it's more than two because that doesn't work either.  Whatever you "improved" needs to be looked at again because some of the things that used to don't anymore.
Freezes up on news feed before you even get to scroll, can't get out of that page.
Why does it refresh when you watch videos. You have to start all over from the top. You scroll timeline for nothing
lovely app
Shibu
I decided long ago to get rid of Facebook. My friends know how to contact me. Facebook is too invasive to my privacy, (especially once they started manually changing posts!) & has always had too many bugs to deal with. But now that I have the new m8, I cannot delete the FB app. ...thinking of deleting my profile... fortunately, FB still allows one to log out, which prevents access to my phone. (I wonder how long it will be before they do an update to remove that option as well...!?)

I guess chronological order on the news feed is no longer a good idea. What is good? Seeing old news from three days ago. I guess I only need to check once a week. Now, opening a Web link takes three more clicks.
Engineer
Not good in 2g
Easy way to stay connected with frnds
Lots of glitches
Join
Excellent
Can't follow my notifications from the notification bar   when I press notification nothing happens    fix these
Worst app ever developed...crashing like local apps
Asmatullah kamrawal
It works perfect for me
About a month now without this app working on the tablet. Works my phone and via web browser, although the mobile browser interface is clunky and won't automatically refresh.  Zuckerberg needs to tend his business...
You can't even open up something without having fear of starting at the beginning of the news feed when you close it. Just what I want to do look at all the stuff I just looked at to get back to where I was . I think the developers need to focus on issues not adding new stuff
Keeps crashing won't let see no ones page can't upload anything  what the hell ima just stop using facebook if they can't fix this
Abc
It's too slow...
grrrrrr..!!
Crashing on my LG G2 whenever I scroll down since the last update.
I can't even scroll through my news feed without it crashing, this makes me mad stop updating it so much you guys keep making it worse
no singing
Like
Love it
Connect to universe
Great love it
It dosent download on my phone
Sucks it keeps closing down after I click to look at something and its very slow, my device is new so its definately a fault in the app! Rubbish!
Excellent
Awlla !
What an absolute dog turd of an app. Never works for longer than 10 seconds before turning itself off. Well done facebook you must be so proud.
Its Amazing App But Need Video Call And New Design 2015
I'm a Facebook lover!!! I love facebook
Lukmamkhan
It was great before but since the new update ITS SUCKS. It keeps freezing and closing out.
superb for social networking.
Useless

Very nice

V
k
Wonder full
I always have to open externally.
Why does Facebook need so much of my personal data? The microphone? Where I am? I should be able to opt out of crap like that
Gud!!
No photos load on the newsfeed. I'll switch between 4g and wifi and press the refresh button on the picture and they still don't show up. It's clear it's not my Internet it's your app. It's extremely annoying please fix it. Stop trying to change things because you only make it worse.
slower,always setting up
Facebook
When I open this app it got crash for 4 5 times first...huh
Kp
WHAT their users want and say anymore... And users want FB to Not Push people to download their Messenger app.
It's continue close when i open the app  Not helpful
Working fine on Note4.
This app won't load.... Always say error...
loved it
S
Can't open have reinstalled a couple time now
So tired of having to deal with bugs on my Note 3. Why buy an expensive phone with a large HD screen when images won't even load in one of your most used apps? Knock it off, Facebook and stop putting out updates until you've corrected the mistakes in it.  This isn't a Beta version.
Nice app
Just updated my samsung galaxy tab. It opens then the minute I try and do anything, even send a report it drops me out. Cannot even scroll very long. Bad app!!
I'm only able to read  at most 10 newsfeeds or images are blank. When I want to upload pics, it either takes hours or fails!  I've reported to FB several times - no reply after acknowledgment of 1st email they received. Only able to leave one comment on a newsfeed, after that nothing! FB is constantly refreshing or I'm told wifi is disconnected (not true). Really quite sad about this app.
Why wont you just make the original facebook chat better like the messanger cuz it takes alot of mega bites.
its awsome
sohelNova
smile:-)
Best app ever
I use Facebook to message my friends who don't have a phone.   But I don't like messenger .. Its makes my phone run really slow . and makes it lag a lot .so I pushed downloading messager .but now there's no way around it . I don't like this please change . it'd mean a lot to me .
Almost alike older version
Very good
Great
Thanks for services
Same problem as below. Will not stay open. Shuts down on its own. I have reinstalled twice, not working update: working now since Samsung update, thanks!
Crashes constantly on mySamsung tablet.  Unusable!                                                                     11/1/14 and still crashing! No fix yet? For crying out loud!!
This app is amazing on the Android Phones. However, it's not optimized for Tablets. Tried this on several brands including the IPad. Can you this be fixed? Please and Thank you.
Fack book
My facebook com
Its shutting down after a minute....? Very frustrating!!
Crashes when i visit friends pages. Will uninstall again for the 10th time.
The app keeps crashing every 3 or 5 min, its freeze up, its slow can u fix it?
Very  nice
Hate to use a different app to send message s.. The messenger app makes the device slow.
I can't post anything after my last update!! Please fix this... Thank you
Pictures will not load.
This latest version of Facebook opens slower on my Galaxy Note 2 than any previous version. It also continues to run now even after I exit the app. This rapidly drains my battery and uses more data. I have to manually go into task manager to close it EVERY TIME I exit Facebook now. This app does the same on my husband's phone. Please fix. Would also like to be able to edit comments with the mobile version.
Love
Crashes every five seconds when app is opened
New update is very poor
Super
Love it!
Its a wonderful version
I can't access fb through the app or my browser. Just keeps saying Bad IP. I've uninstalled and have given up on it
Very slow and only loads text. No images! Galaxy Note 8
Can not view the pictures!
I love you face book
This new update was totally perfect. :)
After the update.. facebook has got more slow.. I just re installed. I hope it works fine now
Nice

App kept crashing as soon as I'd load the page. Uninstalled and reinstalled....we'll see if that fixes the problem. I'd really like it if the feed was not just based on who I interact with the most and most importantly would be the most recent feed. I hate that it reloads with a completely different feed if I've selected an article to read. (update: reinstall did not work, going to delete app)
madarman wongthwanitcom
On my LG tablet Facebook no longer works. The last update for the app has made it that nothing updates, I can't do anything. It acts as if it isn't connected to the internet. The exact same app on the same WiFi on my android phone works fine, but everything is wrong with it on the LG tablet.
This app should need to fix some bugs,and also should increace speed of this app!!!! this app should be speed in singlecore processor and of any ram!!!
Good
Nice
Good
To slow app.......
my life
Its perfect and muy bueno
This new update is terrible. Why make it so the notifications don't show up on every screen? Clicking on a person's name does not open up their page anymore. Stop updating if it doesn't make the users experience better/easier.
The best social network in the world I am waiting for next new update
The video playback is really slow
To slow
Brown, stinky substance smeared all over your face.
Latest Facebook update suckz as usual. After a while it won't load the images. MULTI-BILIONAIRE company that can't even develop a decent app. By mid 2015 I will say goodbye to Facebook!
Last time I had this it worked perfect now I have to confirm a code ever time I get on and the code doesn't work really please fix!!! DONT GET THIS APP it SUCKS!!!!!!!
Undo the last 2 updates...terrible! Pics don't load on news feed.
I can't edit my profile or even see my notifications anymore. I remember when myspce was the only social network out there until fb knocked them off their throne...can't wait for it to happen to you guys!
Keeps crashing
Friends and other
Good good
This app keeps shutting down on my tablet. I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times.
It awxm :*
I can't see any videos or b since the last update I keep uninstall and reinstalling but apparently this is not working at all smh!
I've had no proble with it, and its a great way to stay in touch!
Best apps
Always forceclose
Yo it is really very good
The app is so slow and crashes constantly. uninstalling and I won't reinstall this until the app finally has a decent update
Jai
Facebook favorite
Great Awesome
Why the Hell do I need to see the last persons comment? More clutter

Alsome
Right now the app is awful. Crashes every time I want to click on something and just stops.
To much problem to login
Wont even start up
Love it!
good
My favorite
The app freezes when I browse news feed.... and when i start the app it crashes several times before it stays on
Haiiiii
Gr8 app
ab
Bakwaas!!!!!!
Samsung
Sony Xperia U
Facebook
Very good
Love it!!!
Need a lil more speed but other den that its a good app
It's annoying that the news feed doesn't always show most recent! I liked the fb before this last update! Also, since messages moved to messenger I had to download that app just to message people on my fb...I had to delete apps to download that one and now I can't download any other apps because I have no space. Miss the old fb
I would like it if I can see the latest post. Also it is running slow, even if I'm on wifi.
super
No smooth operation As in iPhone facebook
App crashes shortly after opening. Please fix as soon as possible. Thanks.
Hate this!!! I can no longer unfollow a post or untag myself from a post on my app on my s5 active!  Loved the previous update. I manage a group and I could tag members and now I can't. And now it's crashing saying Internet stored working!!  Also would be nice to be able to search for members in my group without having to use the Web browser!!!  Please fix ASAP!!!!!!!!!
As soon as app opens on my galaxy tab 3 10.1 it closes right back out  it is very aggrevating  if it isn't fixed soon I'm going to delete from my tablet

App wants access to everything.
This update sucks i cant even go on facebook fix it ill give five stars
good app
Super
Nice.hi every one

y the hell its not installing too much space still insufficient nonsense..
I like thz app...bt the main thng that lm facing z aftr dwnloadng nd while using time my phne being stuckd for more than 5min......lf u r presntng an app infrnt of a customer u should be careful nd awre of such kindz f prblm....thz all...
S n
Is it really necessary for there to be a fb browser? I was totally good with the internet opening on my phone for links. I'm getting a lot more force closes. Not to mention it does NOTHING when you click on something on the newsfeed. Come on... really?  This last update is pretty bad, guys.
Jeff
older version
Chingon
After the update, clicking on the link will takes u to their own facebook browser. I have to make a few more clicks for me to view on my own browser instead for next time reading. Pls take away ur own link browser. I do not want to watch from ur browser. Facebook update getting worst and worst.
Hate this app. It sucks, always has one or more problems. Now error saving photo pops up while trying to save photo wich i really need and want. What the hell is this??
Now loading links on it's own browser, thanks.
I can post pictures and videos thxs for fixing it
I can't click on pictures to look at them or tag people.... fix it please
I love it
No privacy
Crashes constantly. Cant click on anything, look at anything DO anything. Pile of Sh!t.
Hate when its hack
Ok
Ahmad afridi
:-)
Update sucks when i go to click share it only let me share by messsge fix that and ill give it 5
Hiiii
The last updated was terrible. It's slow and often won't allow images to load.
First it forces us to install a separate app for messenger & now it wants to opens links in it's own browser! How about i can send messages in the facebook app and use the browser of my choice? We don't need useless features!
It helps me communicate with other people. It's awesome!!
Amazing
Works great
Hlo
I can't copy anyone post status.Please add this.
Pls give us back the message facility in fb app....
Best
Seriously, I haven't been able to use this app for the past 4 days. Everything on my phone is 100 percent up to date, just update your freaking app so it will actually load my feed/messages/notifications.
No one's pictures show up,  or only 50% of them. What's going on??
truely the best way to stay connected to friends n family
Ever since the new update, when I click on a person's name to go to their page, the link doesn't work.
sehar
Always forces close before it opens and closes if i even get it to open.if i have one more day of this i will delete facebook.it has been like this for weeks now getting tired of it!
Good
New update sucks I have to click the back button to get my menu bar at the top and to get out of comments and such, it's a waste of time. I can't click on links to web pages the don't load.
nice
Lousy app on my samsung tab. It blanks out almost immediately after opening. POS app. Have to use on my desktop. If there were 0 stars rating available I would give it.
It goes so fast and I get to read every thing
Mumbai
It crashes every few seconds...please fix
Not very good
Lav it
Very good socialmarketing applications this young generation
It is so awesome

Suddenly I can't see any photos. This is ridiculous get it together Facebook
I tried installing it several times. but it wouldn't.
Well I really love being online on Facebook its fun chatting with friends. Thanks to the guy who invented Facebook a grand salute to that person .I know that not only me there are thousands like me who love Fb. Love you Facebook
Ap is slower then ever since update can barely use it
Nice
Galaxy S4- Although the most recent update made it difficult to view photos.
Its good but it take lots of time to load!! Please see to it that you upgrade this .... Please
Horrible, Facebook! New update has been frozen on same page for three days.
You may try
onelove onefb.

don't like the built in browser, big fail...no 'close' option so end up being forced to hit 'back' repeatedly to get out
Love it
I like this becoz it's faster than fast
Waste
Updates itself every day? Why?
Good to
This stupid app froze my ipad
Can't message people, Facebook is forcing me to download an additional app; fb messenger which I don't want. One app is enough!
This beoteful
Good app
I'm 100% satisfied with the app. You can stop giving updates now.
Keeps crashing.
Its nic
Abcd
I'm too lazy to explain why did I give this app 1 star so I gave 5.
Sucks
Useless.  Won't stay open.
Can't open
Masttt app
Would not allow me to stroll down all the away fix plz
Its 5*
The app is good but I don't like the in app browser.  Is there a way to disable it?
Perfect
All features are not available as in android jelly bean 4.2 kindly avail this features in eclairs 2.1 version of android.
Latest version doesn't seem to let me add photos to an existing album.  Gets pushed to uploads.
Ys
New update sucks! Having issues open link etc
Good
Oh my god .It is super amazing .We we're used it for communicating .
Not opened facebook
I have installed but I cannot figure out how to access my groups nor my games or change my pictures or homepage settings. How do I block/unblock people?
Nice
what a grrrrr..
i already many time download it,after finish downloading its not installed
Good
Today
It's good
Got a new phone, Xperia E1 now I can't download the app! It's saying "incompatible update" what does this mean????
This app is verry nice
New update won't let Me access the app
Good
It's perfect now! Love app alone!!!
SOMEtimes THEy Force To MESSEnger
Facebook is best app bt it take a load to lounch so fix this bug
The update sucks
Worst update possible, did not speed anything up definitely slowed mine down.
Keyboard won't appear to enter security code on Sony Experia j, please fix
Nice speed
lots of pages still do not bring up stickers to add to comments or to add photos please do something about it. from blu studio 5.5s android phone .*** also extend stickers to status updates/ timeline
What the hell has happened to this app?
Glorija
Hi
Constantly crashing!!!!!
Any time I  try to post a picture either from selecting photo or as part of a status the app closes. Never happened before so maybe the app doesn't like my new phone? LG G3
Everytime I click on my notifications or go to my profile it shut down the app why is that
Could you be more annoying Facebook? Edit: yes you can, now you have some beat browser that you force me to use when I open links? Gross. Downgraded to one star.
Good
It is horrible. Plz fix it
Your lucky I'm even giving 1 star. Your update literally causes everything to not load! I Just want to see pictures and videos but since it won't load I can't do anything! Fix it already!
Bayker hy saala..
Constantly crashes when I review notifications. No longer can go into messanger either
Just too big for my phone.
Ok
Users friendly
I'm glad I'm not the only one.  At first I thought it was my Internet connection: nope. Just Facebook being back pain in the butt.  Fix this "update" please.
DAKU.(1)

Keeps closing and freezing
Worst app on my phone, but most used. Spend some cash and fix it.
Big man
Sanjibgupta
Have trouble with viewing things I've been tagged in.
Good
Love it
I open my chat heads on facebook and they suddenly disappear please fix.....
With every update this  app gets worse! Now I can't click on my friends name to go to their profile. Uninstalling! Wish I could give less than 1 star
The app mysteriously closes itself after 10 secs sometimes 5. Can't even check newsfeed
Its the worst app I've ever had.  My account has stopped for security reasons, I sent ID : license with photo, and still cant log in.
WHY WOULD YOU REMOVE THE NAVIGATION BAR FROM MOST RECENT? OMG!!
An older version worked fine on my tablet but ever since i got an update some time in early September it does not work properly on my galaxy lll tablet any more.  I cant use it at all now.  I open it then it closes within seconds.
Nice Facebook
Its sucks!!!!.. can't see the notification pop up in the icon..
New update is horrible
Good
Very very nice
Cool & nice
Satisfactory.
I love dis shvt it sometimes freeze tho

So cool
Good app
Make FB allow us to leave voice comments or video comments on statuses and posts, etc.
Is there a way to give no stars for the new updated app, it sucks big time!!
I just updated and found that I got smthg worse....it's too bad bcz it shows that session expired,log in again and when I press on "ok" it f**... Doesn't log out....I could not use it 2nd time after updating....I before updating everything was good. :/
It's stupid
Problems.... I used to be able to upload a pic right to a friends wall.  Now I have to upload it to my wall and tag them in it.
Very large app!! It doesn't even open!!
I got to press others names and they won't pop up (ex: jon and 3 others, the 3 others won't pop up.) Same when clicking on pages. Secondly I tried to edit my post and I edited saved it and it went back to the original post with errors. Tried many more times. I think their a couple more bugs as well.
D new facebook browser is awesome!! Wait s over...
Zeba
Very hot time by this app
Won't refresh, only shows 10-15 posts
Good
FBGeek app.
Facebook Mobile has come a long way,  very user friendly!
竭辦
Uddin
Not refresh very bad app
First it keeps on crashing. Then when I logged out to refresh..I cant sign in on my account...need to uninstall and install it again...wheew..:-(..hope you can fix this soon
Advocate, Supreme Court of Bangladesh
Like it
Wow...
On me everytime I open it,  click on notifications or comments... Never had this happen until I got a galaxy note 4. Please fix the bugs
When I click on people's names it doesn't take me to their page anymore. And it's extremely slow
Mobile
not stable
Nice
Whenever i open the app it just crashes like 5 seconds later
l
Pics wont load properly
Faker Eyedea
Cool
What the he'll after this stupid update I can't even open up facebook
Nk pasang..tp kate ruang pada peranti xblh..ape maksud disebalik ye to...
Good
Keeps starting downloading all over again
Will not run since the last system update on my Samsung tablet
Updated the app and now it doesn't work at all on my Samsung Tab 3 tablet. Get on and fix it facebook
The faster browsing edition don't work almost the links.but,it's a great app but needs new style
stubed update ....
Ek No Cheez Hair Bhai Log
kumar
Won't even open with newest update.
Love it thi app
Wonderful app
Galaxy alpha
Yes
Now I can talk to my grandchildren over the internets
Terrible! Crashes after about 10 seconds really frustrating,  have uninstalled and re  installed but continues to fail, very disappointing
Good
Hello.. This is the best okey hehehehe
Dear Facebook. I use the chrome browser to open my web pages. Please don't force me to use your built in, broken browser. I'm an update away from switching to Google+ exclusivity for my social media. First you force the messenger app. Now you take away my browser. Soon you will end up like Myspace if you keep moving in this direction.
Nice application that can make me communicate with other people
Gud app
Awesome
Can't open the pictures....
SuckS!!!
Badam
Faecbook
Spirit
Can't do squat on the time line or news feed.. Ya fkd up again!!
I keep getting error on my timeline.  ):-(
Good
When I had uninstalled this app since that time I hadn' reinstall this apps now succeeded reinstalled it.
How do i dowload it
Bn
Facebook kept crashing so i uninstalled then reinstalled, now it wont even open.This is unusable. Complete rubbish. I am now going to remove as it's just taking up space

It's actually pretty good if you use it often.
Awasome
Like it. Its cull
Lembap! Massenger leceh! Menyusahkan orang pakai!
mustch
Its good update my foot.........
Slow
When I click on a name in my news feed it will not allow me to go to that person page. It did not use to be like that
Hfs
It is very goo9ooood
Th
Guanvardhak
after update it forces close every five minutes or so. Whats the point of updating if you gonna make it worse? Seriously ive never seen an app sucks like this one before dude you should be ashamed of your backward development.
Since you have to install the messenger in order to check your messages...
Join
I did not love it
World is here
It used to work perfect but since i have updated it keeps shutting down while trying to scroll thru the news feed. Needs fixing asap. Latest update is crap, so not happy
Excellent
Not working good ...when i open it does not respond .....force close always
Nice app but little bit slow
Super
YO YO ZAINI
Download it please
Excellent
This appp is awesome.!!!!!!!!!!
NoBodY LikE Me...!!!        I love sex<<<par is me ni hai
kumar
It will be bater if it download faster
Good
IT SOO BAD SIA
Usmanghani361
Sahil
Ok
It's a massive battery drainer. My phone can last 36 hours without using the app. The moment I intend to browse for more than > 5 min a time, my phone battery drains in less than 12 hours. It is also a big app. Doesn't cut it as something which is an "essential" for mobile users.
Evrithing bad plz reimprove app
Sweet as
I love it
I like
Just fantastic.
Because its nice
Nice app
So good
Why i couldn't upload my photos video...??
Videos don't play. You get sounds but no pictures.
suparb.with
Sadiq
Recently fb become one of the dangerous app for me, i lose many of my friends, i dont know why u but religions and politics in place over here!! Even any company policy says no religions or political conversation are allowed!! Am out till there's something different happend or fb become as same as i used at 2007
Poor update, what is the point of 'Top News'? Does anyone actually use it? Now images don't always appear, and can't always access post comments . Shame no one thought to test this version before releasing it
B)
Cf..
App crashing
It's horribly slow. Doesn't give me my notifications. Horrible. The old version was amazing. Why change it to something that is going to aggravate people? ?
I love it very much.....
Bcz never dwnldng
God and good
Ok
i use this for my business.. i once installed it and everytime i open it always says the application stop always saying that! so annoyed! so i uninstalled it and installed it again.. hope not dissapointed again!
The option for chronological timeline is completely buried and needs to constantly be reselected. Notifications tab only works half the time and the rest it gets stuck on a single story and refuses to show me any other options.
Good to face to face chat each other..
Last update really slow and Pictures won't load. Cmon FB!
ok
Use it you will never leave it
Big entertainment
妊忱快抖忘抄找快 扭抉忪忘抖批抄扼找忘, 折找抉忌抑 扼扼抑抖抗我 抉找抗把抑志忘抖我扼抆 志 忌把忘批戒快把快 扭抉 批技抉抖折忘扶我攻. 圾忘扮 扼我抖抆扶抉 找批扭我找 我 改找抉 扭把抉扼找抉 扶快批忱抉忌扶抉. 妒抖我 忍忱快-找抉 改找抉 技抉忪扶抉 扶忘扼找把抉我找抆?
Since the update, Facebook will not load and I can't even log out of it. Terrible.
Yes I love it
But i cant upload pictures when i click photo it just sends me back to homescreen pls fix
Superb.... USB move can be done now.
Awesome
Now links open inside Facebook app but this feature was not even announced in the update log. Not the first time you push big changes like this one without warning.
seriously whenever I clicked a picture it will return back quickly even though I didn't clicked the return button. Please fix it thank you 
Wow
gandang
Last update is very sick, not even able keep it open for few secs. I've sent error reports atleast 100 times. Old app is much better.
Its an amazing update on fb.
Makak
I cant use facebook!!! Please do an update again!!! It keeps lagging...
Charting 4 freinds
Gd app
I hate top stories, so I use recent stories. Pretty much like everyone else who uses this app. But Facebook has decided to remove the notifications bar and friends online now/chat bar when in recent stories. Why would you do that?
King
I really like aplikasi
I think the old version was pretty good as compare to the new one.......everyone plz give it one star and v all r rqvsted that plz udate it and remove the style of notifiactions,msgs,Rqvst bar
Love it
App closes down within 5 sec
My last review of this app back in May 2013 I wrote that content such as photos wasn't loading. I'm back nearly a year and a half later to say it again...
News feed....make it MOST RECENT. No one cares about TOP POSTS. Now when I click on most recent you can't see the Notification bar anymore. Ugh!
such an overated media platform
facebook
Acha h yr...
I love fb....
and I HATE this app!!!!!!
Love the browser integration..!
Pants!!!! Get about halfway down newsfeed it freezes then goes off
Connets  friends
O
Good
I keep having to uninstall then reinstall to receive birthday reminders.  All the settings are correct but after a day I quit getting them.  Please fix.
I don't know what you guys are doing out in CA, but you aren't making a quality product. Nothing loads! I am going to uninstall this app! I'll just use it from my laptop (maybe).
...
How can a little app be able to slow down a quad core phone this much? It just crashed my phone after the update in september. Uninstalled and the phone is ok now like it used to be.
Gagz
Good
Yes
Love it
One drowback video's cant be downloaded...
Mast
Won't stay open on galaxy tab 10.1
Constantly crashes on my Samsung galaxy tab 3
We cannot read messages which comes in others. We can only read messages from inbox. Plz try to add this.
Image posted cannot view in full screen. Kindly assist
Update: now the whole application doesn't run if I don't download the messenger! Why should I use messenger while I send a message maybe every 2 days or less? To waste my battery or memory? I've got enough messing application on my device and I really don't need more!
It is very good
It says my phone (myphone a919 duo) is not supported. How did this happen? I had fb on here before my phone gpt reformatted.
Facebook videos don't have the possibility to be played in HD ?? The quality of the videos is really bad, please change this..
Yes you are..
Can't delete comments or edit them.... :(
its bad update I saw with facebook
This update very unstable, close all the time, hope i can get a new update soon
Please add the unfollow and follow post features that iPhone users have.

What the f*ck? I need another app to read and write message?
34316767
Its good for chatting
WTF.!
Its Too Heavy App...
Facebook is great way of chatting with friends
App
Suzi love
Wanjecelahay
Since the update as I click on something it crashes and so does please fix this asap
What the heck! Havin trouble logging out!
Best app for communication and social media
I like it very much
Very smart
Nice
U hate dis version. ..I try more dn 50times bt nt install...aftr 5min cancelled
nice
very good
God is great
Now sorting by most recent removes from the top bar "Friend Requests", "Messages" notifications, the "Notifications" button, and "More".  They really want you to look at your news feed in their way.  Previously - Default sort is still not most recent.  Yes, I know how to find it, and resort it.  But it's annoying.  I'm not interested in something from two or three months ago, when it means missing a post from today.
Gud for use
Keep up the updates
when I want to make a photo comment let me browse my device by folders not by photos. Becouse I have hundereds of photos on my device. And I don't want to scroll down all these photos to get an old one.
Please let us use any picture for our cover photo
So this is for rules an the regulation
Osume
If you want us to get a real life and abandon fb on android forever , just tell us ! Not to make us update it every week with 20+ mb updates and it even makes the app worse and crashes more often ...
I fully enjoyed it
Very nice one apps
Keeps on crashing fed up poor app
Won't download. .. keep getting  an error  24
Its not good....i can't downlod photos and i cant open it. :(
Nothing to say.
Good
Roshan
Nice application
Sometimes my URL gets broken. when I try to launch a link from fb to my browser it complains about the encoding.  I have tested with different browsers. Please fix
Its slower dan ever now after the update..
I like it
Awesome!!
Hhh
Wonderful app
I just got curious why there are just some notification I'm receiving while I'm on the Facebook app and when i used Facebook on the web, i can see there all my supposed to be notifications that I'm not receiving on my phone. Pls fix asap for a better rating.
It seems very poor its not working in mah phn micromax canvas a104 pls fixed the problem
I love it
gm.eg.io
I can't change my cover picture now and I've been asking everyone why and no one knows.
Wished I had not updated from the old app. This is horrible. Slow
No longer shuts down, need to force quit every time or it eats up my battery. App isn't customized to android (uses photoroll from ios instead of the android gallery). No thumbnails when posting links. Stop notifications on posts not working. No option to set most recent feed to standard. And with the latest, opening links in the fb app instead of the site, I can't do anything anymore when it comes to soundcloud links. This app deserves no stars!
This is the worst app if anybody have a small screen phn. He or she will not install such app beco'z now itzz take up the many screen...this the worst part and very slow
Finally a browser inside a app... took you over 3 yrs ffs but ty
Good
Slow to load if it loads.
The videos are also very buggy like it start at 4 sec
Way better than the browser version 
Needs better things
Very lovely application
I'll give this App 5 star
Won't download at all? My WiFi is perfect!
after the update, i cant open the app totally. it will just say "setting up facebook" then closes. every time you update you only optimize for high end devices. you should focus on low end devices, if the app runs smoothly on low end devices, how much more fluid will it run on high end devices? you should think that way. geez devs get dumber and dumber. instead adding a buggy feature, why not optimize it til no bugs are found? i hate this app. the crappiest app of all.  more optimization for low end devices
Ok
The app is very slow in my phone..... Samsung galaxy wonder
It dnt wnt 2 download due 2 not enough space... bt i hv a 8gig in my phone.........serious!!!!
Thought I'd get in touch with my Boy. Updated and now it's worse than ever. Says setting up. Is 8 minutes and still waiting about the average?  Back in the day it was pretty naff but now!!
Loading
I Love it
I have cleared all notifications but the little red notification after you close the app doesn't disappear. Also, I don't understand why the recent newsfeed isn't the default setting the way it used to be.
Like
Not working after the recent update
Don't like new layout. Seems to be no option now to choose newest items in newsfeed. Now lumped with old posts mixed with new. Super
Not good at all ill be on there for a few minutes and then it will freeze and take me out I can barely see my notifications before it kicks me off it
It helps me stay intouch with family and friends
DILKUMAR -229@gnzou kEBIRATH
Very good
Poor
Good
Ayah
Kishor
Very good
Awesome
Source of talk with friends
After last update it's bugged!
whenever I want to watch video on Facebook,at the end of it the application doesn't respond and it's somehow closed,which harms the my phone so please fix it ASAP
Nice
Ok
Keeps freezing
Anamika
No font size option
Ty for making this app easier..
Satish
Pretty cool
9cool
I always hard to start up this newer version
It used to run really well on my samsung 10.1 now all of a sudden it won't stay open, keeps crashing and if by some miracle it does stay open it won't let me post anything.  Have tried uninstalling and then reinstalling, even did a reset on my tablet, nothing has helped. Please fix this problem !!!!
Doesnt load anything wont let me view pictures laggy as hell crashes all the time and wont even work when I uninstall it please fix the bugs pronto I need my facebook back!!
It is good until the latest update ruined it. It keeps on logging out every time i log in. There's always an error. It all happened after i did the update.
When clicking on names on news feed it doesn't take me to the profile. Very slow, keeps crashing
Still Sucks! I don't want to look at top view news feed!
Nice
I love  this app
Nice app
Ok
Thanks
Very good
When I click on a name to go to someone's time line from my news feed it doesn't go. It's slower than ever and pictures don't upload as fast as they used to. Fix all these and I might give a better rating but as of now it sucks.
Working awesome.... on my mo. Not like others .....
Nice
Getting worse after update, unable to click into other pages.
Best apps
Crashing, eats Memory, cannot even be moved to external Memory.
JUST BRILLIANT MET MY SCHOOL FRIENDS AFTER 20 YRS THROUGH FACEBOOK
I want to see most recent in my news feed..
Opigrnd! !!!!!!
With the help of Facebook I have found my many friend 's
After the last update, nothing new has improved. It keeps closing after I refreshed my newsfeed. Not only that, but when I reopen the app it sometimes takes me to a random page. Kindly fix this please.
After this new update app loads about 10 stories but nothing else.  Cannot load friend request page either.  FB spends billions trying to get people to use and even depend on their software, then doesn't appear to properly tesy updates. Poor show. 1 star. Might come back one day to see if it is fixed.
in-app browser stopped working, tweaked the settings and nothing happened, it still forces me to use external browser to open posted links.
Keeps crashing. Pictures won't load up. Doesn't load the comments and doesn't post mine. All in all....rubbish!
Just fine!
Awesome
I like it bcoz is so easy to use the same time as well as its awesome.
The app is closing itself down whenever it hits a video in the newsfeed. Been doing it now for approx. 3 days. Most annoying!! Update please??
Amazing
Its enjoya ble
great app
Nexus 7  new uptade really sucks. It keeps crushing.
BD
V
Kuswaha
After the update I can't go directly to my friend's profile whenever I click their name in my news feed like the way it was before. Also, It's taking me long before I can posts pictures and status....
G
Facebook
Very slow ,interrupted calls,sluggish speech,irritating,so people r shifting to other websites
Good
Its too slow and not customer friendly.T one before was good... pls update the old one...
Doesn't even deserve 1 star since ive updated yesterday I cannot log into my account from any device!! Pile of crap needs fixed ASAP facebook get a grip its ridiculous how things dont work anymore!! Get it sorted or ill be deleting mines for good who needs it anyway!
It is reeeeeeallyyy slow it loaded after about 50 minutes!! >^<
Too slow
載砑綴珨嶱憩泐堤  辦c載陔珴珴
Too SLOW, hard to log-in! (S4, ver.4.2 JB & SDuos, ver.4.0, ICS)
Facebook is awesome social media. I like it...
I love it,it is great nd i rily enjoy it
Where's my shortcuts up top? Why take them away? Now you have to go back to the menu to see notifications & messages. What was wrong with it before?
Wtf u guys hav done?click link page then auto download stufukk mobomarket..idiot dev..fukin fix it
God
I loved it
fast
App keeps on loading in my mi3...
Excellent but facebook
[F]
The last update sucks! It always show the old posts in my news feed. I cant see the newer post.
This app is getting better, faster, smoother, more usable. Doesn't hurt that my device is now a 3GB RAM, quad core monster. Yeah, that'll be it. Still though, on modern hardware it's okay.
Hanging hanging hanging
Loved it
I tried to reply using this app but it said my messages has been moved and i need other fb messenger to reply or chat. Is there any way not to use that messenger and chat directly from this app?
Nice
When I click on a gallery etc on facebook I cant just exit out and go back to my newsfeed. Now I have to click "back" like 9 times to get back to FB and sometimes i have to reboot becayse it gets stuck. Also you can't  zoom in on or save pics at all and the newsfeed is screwed up no matter how i configure it.( I often get "news" in my feed from 2 days prior. ) Why is facebook becoming less user friendly??
When i click a post from a group.it keeps getting back from the start .im so sick of it !!!
nice app.loved it!
Fb
Good i like it.
Ever since the new update the app keeps crashing and closing needs fixing asapv
Soo good
Very good social network
Sometime it stops when I use it please fix this problem
Every time i log out then is saying "logging out" then instantly close app when a come in app again my facebook is there ..
Noob cannot use this FB.i dont know why...plz fix this problem
Fantastic
WTF
I love it
It does what it's supposed to do, nothing more, nothing less.
I used to be able to click on the arrow of one of the post n click stop notification. What happened? I thought this new update would fix that.
Rhjt
Like for opening the Web in the same app
FB
Thanks for this fantastic app
Love its
Good
I love it.
Its good way to conect with old friends .
Awesome
This used to be very good app, but after several updates it has become almost useless. Videos will not play and it constantly stops working.
Anything that allows me to get to my news feed quicker is the best thing and that's what this app does.  As long as FB is around,  I'm down for downloading the app!
Since the update ,I can not click on a name and go to their page. I have also clicked on pictures and it will not let me copy , go to photos ,or let me enlarge ?? I t wasn't like this 2 days ago :(
After i update...still force close in playing video and opening pictures
Monalisa.aranguez
God is good all. The time god is good
fantastic
Loved It!!!!!
Love
Its not at all gud thats it
Seriously we dont want to crop our profile pictures so remove that profile pic crop because its not good and no one likes it.
Today my phone is automatically update the latest version.Thats is too bad.My samsung phone keep on close the apps and so lag.Instagram unable to like see it the whole picture....USELESS
Easy n cool

Its a good app but its size increases till 100 mb rapidly
Very annoyed that you forced your new internal browser without asking if we wish to change our default one!
,
Won't load. Blows
C'mon! Updates are supoosed to improve the app, not make it worse!! The page wouldn't refresh and it doesn't load previous newsfeed!
This really needs 2 b fixed can only go on 4 a few secs & then it knocks off, facebook use need 2 fix this ASAP!!!!!
Done upgrade.  Wont stop when u go out of it. Crap
Many humans  don't have even good eyes measures  ( vision ) , we have to help  these people to be able to check  their FB app on Android  comfortably
Facebook
Facebook is a good idea
Its good to communicate
it keeps crashing after i updated it ... please fix it
I dint like the update.  When i click on the users name,  it won't take me to they're profile.  Kinda defeats the purpose. I saw other folks had the same problem.  I even Uninstalled and reinstalled. Same issue.
Facebook in the first time
Nice
Will you ever add reply to comment feature? It have been ages already.
wonder full
I cannot stay longer this app because its hung up
Very nice this app
god
Super fast
App won't even work for me
1234567
Good
Grrr!!!!!!!!!!
Honestly, i would rate this a negative 5 if i could. Be happy with the 1 star, even though this doesn't deserve it. Do not download this. As soon as i downloaded this my phone slowed down. And to top that, my phone immediately froze upon opening. I'd be better off using the browser than this..
Keka
Hum bane tum bane facebook ke liye
When I click a FB link that my friends sends me, it goes to facebook on Google Chrome. Can you make it open directly to a FB app. Please fix it.
Absolutely SUCKS. Constant malfunctions, uninstall daily
Good
Nice updation
Nice
Good
New update is shocking! Keeps crashing and then just closes
Nice
Subhan butt
So good
Rubbish since the recent update. Keep closing down, the separate messenger I a complete balls.  Eats battery power, cant log out of it. Sort it out
Its amazing!! i love to use it..
Its using too much memory... my phone gets slow when i start using fb... fix it... it should not eat too much memry... always keep crashing
Best mobile app for fb
It won't even load, so don't bother trying
Good
Its very nice
Constant crashing.
I like it
Amazing
Thanks
this is not facebook this is fuckbook!!!!!
I liked how Android worked with the opening of the browser when you click a link on Facebook. Now it seems there is an integrated browser. A means of recording what we look at and links we follow. No way to clear browser history.
Superb app to connet your friends and family as well as group info sharing
5 star facebook more update :-)
awsm
Wht kind of software it is just a bullshit all the times it crashes.
Freezes all the time. Also separating the messenger to spy thru the mic an camera is a new low.
Wtf!!! Kindly follow up this problem.
Crashes after last 2 updates :(
Good
Totally doesn't deserve one star, it freezes my phone, and takes like 5-10mins to load. Then makes everything else slow... Hate the new update.
Because facebook is panget
Good luck
After I update it, so slow and bad loading. Sometime I can't open this app. Please fix it!!
Keeps crashing and also I can't click on page names or people's names to go to their page instead I have to search for them
Hussain
Like I mentioned above! Keeps crashing!!
Y is this not working as it did b4 ;(
Since latest update, when I try to click a post's author, nothing happens.
The only that Worked was the "Facebook Buttons" Widget. Not it Doesn't !!!
Its brilliant
It took too much ram and internet data.
Nice..
To faster connection
Night
Love it
Nicr
Inpaseenu
Turyou23@gamil com
Keeps shutting down after 10secs
Couldnt open it after samsung update its software
A virus loved by all.
Sucks
you call this fast?
I have just download this app and it comes saying that Facebook is loading. It happeneds overtime I press the Facebook on mu phone
Nice
This would be great if it didn't crash so much! !
Very very very nice
Saya menilai dari segi pandangan saya terhadap aplikasi ini.
During using this application..suddenly its stops...
It ok
Give
Kheyli khobe
FIX THIS!!
I want to be able to default to most recent. Not everyone cares about the top stories, so why do I have to scroll all the way through to get to most recent stories? And why the hell are you forcing us to use your "integrated broswer because it'll run faster"? No, it doesn't run faster, it just causes more problems! There should be an option to turn off integrated browser! Don't force this crap on us! No to top stories, no to integrated browser, and a definite no to the messenger app!
How can I like it now that it can't even open. Hw is it reliable when all I get is a blank screen.
The app keeps closing everytime i check my notifications!! This new update sucks! TOTALLyy!!
Hangs A Lot
Hell to update this application
Gud
Suddenly my news feed is just text and no pics. Restarted, no joy. Very annoying!
update is not gud .always  forceclose
Pictures fail to load moat of the time and the in built-in browser is extremely slow
jmm
Honey
I turned off the external browser, but still links are not opening in internal browser
Awesome app
V
Rk.Cypricle.Raika
The app doesn't load the news feed or pictures...its not even use able at this point...please fix it!!!
Jay sri ram
Would not load, unable to read newsfeed, as it kept going back to home screen. Stupidly tried to re-install FB and now won't even load. Takes up FAR too much memory...USELESS and UNUSABLE!!!!
Good
Limited capacity for the price of the phone.
The app keeps crashing when u log in. Can't seen anything on newsfeed or notifications.. Very poor since been updated.
Being able to choose my news feed. It's bad enough the website constantly defaults to top story, but it seems like this app won't even let me choose to view recent posts.
Nice application
Way to add bloat... I already have a perfectly functional browser...
Nice..
Good app
It is so faster than the  browser
,
Supar
crashes everytime i open it......please fix!!! :(
Addictive
After i double touch to zoom a pic, it goes back to normal size in a second. Sometimes app gets frozen for a few seconds.
For a company that is worth billions  can't even make a decent app that actually work properly.. won't load pages unless I clean the cache
Until latest update it worked fine . Now crashes as you scroll news feed!!
Facebook
I love it

Good
I would love this app however now that it needs complete access to my phone I removed it immediately.
Since updating this app it keeps freezing & forcing itself shut... i hope you sort this app out at its so annoying
Pls fix. It keeps on crashing i cant surf on facebook anymore.
Good
Updated now when I scroll down, it kicks me off the app.
its very nice for normal use...
I don't know what you guys are talking about. It does not crash I've already used it for 3 hours and it did not crash not even once
It's like
Nice to be contenue

Awesome!
I can't even write down my email and password, the brackets are both blank even when I'm writing!
Wont let me scroll down. It just closes. Please sort out.
facebook
Use every day
Nice.
Ya
very easy to contact family & friends!
if anyone replied to my comment I cant see that ...why the hell
Saya Suka Guna Facebook Kerana Ia Cepat Dan Mudah . Tetapi Saya Harap Janganlah Guna App "Messanger" Di Facebook Kerana Ia Hanya Memudaratkan Pengguna Sahaja .
Loved it
Closes constantly.
Fine
Change..a new..new..facebook..new version..
Continual crashing after 5 or 6 seconds not a good app at all. The upgrades must have had glitches.
It wont let me sign in keep.    repeating the same thing over and over again. Very annoying .
Facebook
Since last update. Pictures wont load and it is extremely Slow to. Update. Please fix....quick
Behnchod aise app banate hi kyon randi ke aulaado logo ka time bhi waste karte ho ...ek to saala login karne me itna time leta hai uper se itna bada mb ka app hai...behnchodo isko jaldi se hata do ya fir isme improvement karo saalo gaandu chutiyaon...
No
For some reason I'm not seeing all pics that people post
Keeps crashing can't do anything coz it keeps going of it needs to be sorted
Very nice facebook
Excellent very good but some people using badly
Wow
So this new update went into place and now it won't let me click on anything. WTF! Also, where do you get these idea from....I have never filled out any sort of survey asking me my opinion on issues. Seriously guys fix the problems, don't create new ones!
It dose not even work it so slow with the upgraded
Great app but im not a huge fan of the stalking
Spyware that i cant uninstall
Un installed and reinstalled a number of times.  Keeps shutting down every time I open it. Can't even read posts. Can't check messages and if it stays open for a couple of minutes the feed is all out of time.
Tidak tahu
No built in messaging.
Cannot get it to load what's wrong
Crashes every time I open it or try to go to notifications. About time the bugs were ironed out in it!!!! Have uninstalled and reinstalled but just not working...come on facebook get your act together and sort it out PLEASE!!!
Semi good
I can't read stories if I click on the pic to go check the story out on whatever website etc it takes you to it won't load. Please fix!
Its seems like a update every other day. But you never fix the request. People are asking. Idea. ..fix the news feeds. I'm still seeing 4 days ago. And the resent news feed button is gone.
Another useless update. Why are the navigation tabs no longer at the top of the most recent page but are at the top of all the others. I always use the most recent tab not the news feed. I want to see what's happening now not 2 hours or days ago. It would be nice not to have to go back a page just to check my notifications, friend request ect... This app gets worse with every update. Dropping my rating to one star.
Hey is FB working on the problems with the update...can't use FB on my Samsung tab 3...u installed it
Whenever i click on a video, application closes
FACEBOOK
This app needs work it will not stay open after 5 seconds
Sunil
Fne
Fix it!!!! It keeps on crashing after 5 seconds.
Good
I hate this
Good  ,
Can't open anything. Can't click on people's names to go to their profile. Can't see who else is tagged in a status.
VILAS
Crap app
Well
Restarts when I open a photo while selecting it to upload
Josss
Very good
This application has been very good!
Nice experience
Im on my samsung tab 3 and facebook wont stay open more than 8 seconds, not even long enough to log off. Update made it worse. Please help
Love it
At first when I downloaded this app everytime when I try to read my messages or look at my notifications it would just exit itself and now that am trying to reinstall it... its saying that error downloading it. I really don't know what is the meaning of this but u guys need to sort it out because I know other people that is having the same problems
Why do I need to download two facebook apps one just to look at my messages? I'm uninstalling the app and going to have to use it off my Internet browser for now on
This recent update lost the option to Unfollow Post or Turn off Notifications, I literally have go to that specific group page and look for that post and that's the time I would see the option button to turn off notifications. Please please fix, all the other additions are awesome but No Top comments Still?!
New update sucks
Keeps crashing. Can't even get to the bottom of my timeline.
Great app
I used to love it but it seems with every update something gets worse. It keeps crashing.
It's very good and nice .But please add one more feature ''dislike key'' also .
Slow.... awful
An advanced search tool would make things interesting.
Since this last update, my phone just flashes and crashes when I start FB.    Galaxy S5
Give us an option to open all links in our own browser by default. I know there is the "open with" option but your browser screws up some of the pages i visit.
I don't normally rate things but this update is really bad. App doesn't  load, crashes constantly, freezes, skips to top of page when I'm in the middle of reading something halfway down the page, etc... What the hell??? I thought updates were supposed to make things better but not in this case. Do not update.... it's crap!!!
It good
Ilove it and wanna install it....it makes life easeir to communucate with any1 around the world
If you want it to work perfectly backup your device with Google Backup and Restore, then you have to initiate a Factory Reset. Sad but its the only chance you'll have.
Great app for sure!
K
Can't open anyone's page. Click on a name and it does nothing.
Apps&Games
The no:1leading social app so far.Everybody need to get connected.Today fb has gone far deep in many people's life & undertakings & beaten the record. Thanks a lot for the developer for the service rendered to humanity.
Doesn't work at all. Facebook needs to fix this a.s.a.p.
fb
when its hang in !:
Doesn't load at all any more and if it does its only for a few minutes then crashes on you.
This app takes to long to load,even if it loads with a perfect signal.Keeps changing from most recent to news.Need to make a better app.Notifications are not up to date.All in all this is slow.
I keep reinstalling and of no avail!
Super excellent!
After I open, Facebook crashes! Getting frustrated!
social
Conrad
It helps me connect with my friends and family
App is horrible. Crashes all the time. Pictures won't load. Very disappointed
Keeps closing every time I try to view my notifications.  Please get this fixed.
This is stupid worked great update now closes a few minutes after i open it i uninstalled and reinstalled because i was having issues posting and reading posts now it wont even stay open this is on my tablet works great on my phone wha the gives
Keeps foreclosing and wont let me acess my notifications, smf im very disappointed. Plus messanger does the same thing
Wtf
It's good.
Need to change Camera Roll feature... Have to scroll through my whole photo log to find one picture.... Access through Gallery would eliminate a lot of that... At least give the option of Gallery OR Camera Roll... Lost a star sorry.
Since the update for Android, I can't view any pictures on any posts of any kind.  It's horrible to say the least.
But since last actualization take a lot of time to start and load notifications please fix that problem thaks
My fb
10-31-14 Just completely reset my Galaxy Tab 3 and downloaded this app again. Still crashing and I see mine isn't the only one.  10-25-14 Updated again still crashing and closing on my Samsung Galaxy S3.   FIX THIS ALREADY!!  Re-updated still closing...come on fix this already...9-23-2014 Since last update it just randomly closes when scrolling through the news feed. You need to fix this
Very good
Wont work any more ... it is not loading any thing..
Very good.
It keeps crashing it is so annoying and it needs fixing quick
FB, please listen to your community. After a recent upgrade on my Galaxy Tab 3,  the app closes down whenever I try to touch Like, or to open a post or add a comment. Hugely frustrating.
I can't log into Facebook and I'm frustrated that I can't log in
It sucks!!!!!!
Ellie meilan
It s ok
It works fast
It freezes ever 5 minutes
update more
shuts down constantly. ..

I too want most recent setting back... When on timline cannot click the posters name to go to their page and the timeline updating and changing in the middle of you reading a post and not knowing who wrote it to continue your read is annoying
Keeps crashing since last update. Changes suck too!
I lykd it
Jay sonker
Forced messanger. Can't hide crude stories. Can't open someone's page by pressing on it.
I absolutely hate some of the new updates. Why should I have to write a post or comment on a picture I would like to share from another post?
It's fun.....I can share video, photos with my friends
Perfect
Information on profile shows up without my knowledge. Personal info . Hard to remove.
Excellent !
Super good
Won't load, keeps crashing & quite honestly I have no desire to see somebody's status from 3 weeks ago on the top of my feed.
Suka
Aftet goggle update the facebook. It become slower. Even if my signal is high.
How is this app getting worse?!
I thought it was just me. I kept clicking on names...nothing. won't open..and so slow. I didn't even know there was an update.  Does the app owner even read these comments?
I just want my most recent posts as soon as I open not multiple steps to find it.  I like having the option to have the open screan be most popular or most recent.
Ever since the latest Tab 3 OS update the app is useless!  App crashes immediately upon opening. If it manages to stay open, it crashes when you attempt to do anything!
Is anyone else facebook not b allowing you to click on someones name? Like if someone has postef someyhing on your news feed and you try to click there name to go to there profile it doesn't work. BUT, if you click there picture it will take you to there profile. Android  note 3
Updates it today and now I have to sit and wait 5 mins for a handful of posts to load and after scrolling down just a lil more, I have to wait another 5 mins for those posts to load....uuuuuggggghhhhh!!!!!! This sux!!!!!
EVERY time I launch it! Within 5 seconds. Very disappointed. Come on, Facebook. Get your act together!
This update is crap . Doesn't work!
